CONSENT FROM ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS WHEN THE PURCHASER IS A PRIVATE INVESTMENT COMPANY FORMED BEFORE APRIL 30, 1996, (Y) IS NOT A BROKER-DEALER THAT OWNS AND INVESTS ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN $25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS AND (Z) IS NOT A PENSION, PROFIT SHARING OR OTHER RETIREMENT TRUST FUND OR PLAN IN WHICH THE PARTNERS, BENEFICIARIES OR PARTICIPANTS, AS APPLICABLE, MAY DESIGNATE THE PARTICULAR INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE, AND IN A TRANSACTION THAT MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT LOSS OF ANY APPLICABLE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT EXEMPTION OR IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (2),
The Notes will be issued at a maximum issue price of up to 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof. The Notes will be offered by the Issuer through Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited in its capacity as arranger and initial purchaser of the offering of such Notes (the “Arranger” and “Initial Purchaser”) subject to prior sale, when, as and if delivered to and accepted by the Initial Purchaser, and to certain conditions. It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made on or about the Issue Date. The Retention Notes to be held by the Retention Holder shall be purchased by the Retention Holder directly from the Initial Purchaser on the Issue Date. The Initial Purchaser may offer the Notes at prices as may be negotiated at the time of sale which may vary among different purchasers and which may be different to the issue price of the Notes.
In previous years, events in the collateralised debt obligation (including CLO), leveraged finance and fixed income markets have resulted in substantial fluctuations in prices for leveraged loans and high- yield debt securities and limited liquidity for such instruments. No assurance can be made that conditions giving rise to similar price fluctuations and limited liquidity may not emerge following the Issue Date. During periods of limited liquidity and higher price volatility, the Issuer’s ability to acquire or dispose of Collateral Debt Obligations at a price and time that the Issuer deems advantageous may be severely impaired. As a result, in periods of rising market prices, the Issuer may be unable to participate in price increases fully to the extent that it is unable to acquire desired positions quickly; and the Issuer’s inability to dispose fully and promptly of positions in declining markets may exacerbate losses suffered by the Issuer when Collateral Debt Obligations are sold. Furthermore, significant additional risks for the Issuer
At this time it is not possible to state with certainty if and when any withdrawal agreement will be entered into, what might be the final terms and effective date of such a withdrawal agreement or the date on which any transition period will end if such an agreement is entered into.
The ESAs stated that they expect Competent Authorities to generally apply their supervisory powers in their day-to-day supervision and enforcement of applicable legislation in a proportionate and risk-based manner. This approach entails that the Competent Authorities can, when examining reporting entities’ compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Securitisation Regulation, take into account the type and extent of information already being disclosed by reporting entities. The ESAs also noted that they expect that difficulties with compliance will be solved with the final application of the disclosure templates in the Transparency RTS. As such, the Joint Statement from the ESAs should be viewed as a temporary measure. The Joint Statement went on to state that this approach does not entail general forbearance, but a case-by-case assessment by the Competent Authorities of the degree of compliance with the Securitisation Regulation. As the Joint Statement does not “grandfather” transactions that are issued after 1 January 2019 but before the application of the disclosure templates in the Transparency RTS, such transactions, including the transaction described herein, will need to comply with the disclosure templates in the Transparency RTS once they apply.
On October 21, 2014, the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act (the “U.S. Risk Retention Rules”) were issued. Except with respect to asset- backed securities transactions that satisfy certain exemptions, the U.S. Risk Retention Rules generally require a “sponsor” of asset-backed securities or its “majority-owned affiliate” (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) to retain not less than 5 per cent. of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing asset-backed securities (the “Minimum Risk Retention Requirement”). On February 9, 2018, a three- judge panel (the “Panel”) of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit ruled in favor of the Loan Syndicates and Trading Association in its lawsuit against the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and held that collateral managers of “open market CLOs” (described in the LSTA Decision as CLOs where assets are acquired from “arms-length negotiations and trading on an open market”) are not “securitizers” or “sponsors” under Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act and, therefore, are not subject to risk retention and do not have to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (the “LSTA Decision”). The Panel’s opinion in the LSTA Decision became effective on April 5, 2018, when the district court entered its order following the issuance of the appellate mandate on April 3, 2018 (the “Mandate”) in respect thereof.
The most significant amendment in EMIR REFIT is the change to the definition of financial counterparty (“FC”). EMIR REFIT brings into that definition all alternative investment funds (“AIFs”), that are either established in the EEA or whose investment manager is authorised/registered under Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”). Notably, the FC definition will effectively capture non-EU AIFs managed by non-EU managers when they are a counterparty to an EU FC. Previously, such funds were usually determined to be third country entities (“TCEs”) that would be non-financial counterparties (“NFCs”) if they were established in the EU, meaning that such funds would be out of scope of the clearing obligation and risk mitigation obligations (subject to the fund not exceeding the relevant clearing threshold for NFCs) when dealing with EU FCs. Under the amended definition of a FC in EMIR REFIT, such funds will now be regarded as TCEs that would be FCs if they were established in the EU, meaning that EU FCs will be required to ensure compliance with the clearing obligation and margin requirements for uncleared derivatives in respect of their trading with such funds.
Further, if the Investment Manager determines that additional Hedge Transactions should be entered into by the Issuer in excess of the trading limitations set forth in any applicable exemption from registration as a CPO and/or a CTA, the Investment Manager may elect to withdraw its exemption from registration and instead register with the CFTC as the Issuer’s CPO and/or CTA. The costs of obtaining and maintaining these registrations and the related compliance obligations may be paid by the Issuer as Administrative Expenses. Such costs would reduce the amount of funds available to make payments on the Notes. These costs are uncertain and could be materially greater than the Investment Manager anticipated when deciding to enter into the transaction and register as a CPO and/or a CTA. In addition, it may not be possible or advisable for the Investment Manager to withdraw from registration as a CPO and/or a CTA after any relevant swap transactions terminate or expire. The costs of CPO and/or CTA registration and the ongoing CPO and/or CTA compliance obligations of the Investment Manager could exceed, perhaps significantly, the financial risks that are being hedged pursuant to any Hedge Transaction.
The Dodd-Frank Act requires that federal banking agencies amend their regulations to remove reference to or reliance on credit agency ratings, including but not limited to those found in the federal banking agencies’ risk-based capital regulations. New regulations have been proposed but have not yet been fully implemented in all respects. When such regulations are fully implemented, investments in asset-backed
As the Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, has Irish directors, is registered for tax in Ireland and has retained an Irish corporate services provider, the Issuer does not believe that factors exist that would rebut the presumption that its COMI is located in Ireland, although this would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked to make that decision. If the Issuer’s COMI was found to be in another EU jurisdiction and not in Ireland, main insolvency proceedings would be opened in that jurisdiction instead.
Where Notes are redeemable at the discretion of a transaction party or a particular Class of Noteholders, there is no obligation to consider the interests of any other party or Class of Noteholders when exercising such discretion. Furthermore, where one or more Classes of Rated Notes are redeemed through a Refinancing, Noteholders should be aware that any such redemption would occur outside of the Note Payment Sequence and the Priorities of Payment. In addition Noteholders of a Class of Rated Notes that are redeemed through a Refinancing should be aware that the Applicable Margin of any new Notes will be equal to or lower than the Applicable Margin of such Rated Notes immediately prior to such Refinancing. In addition, a Refinancing may result in a Class of Rated Notes having a shorter maturity date than other Classes of Rated Notes.