3 Applicable at all times, following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event.
4 The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes by S&P address the timely payment of interest and the ultimate payment of principal.
The Issuer expects to be a “covered fund” for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. See “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Volcker Rule”.
The Notes will be subject to Optional Redemption and Mandatory Redemption and Special Redemption, each as described herein. See Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase).
The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia has issued a ruling invalidating the application of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules in certain CLO transactions.
NATIXIS, London Branch
The date of this Offering Circular is 15 June 2020
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Offering Circular and to the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.
The Bank of New York Mellon S.A./N.V., Dublin Branch accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section of this Offering Circular headed “The Collateral Administrator” (the “Collateral Administrator Information”).
None of the Arranger, the Initial Purchaser, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager (save in respect of the Collateral Manager Information), the Collateral Administrator (save in respect of the Collateral Administrator Information), the Liquidity Facility Provider (save in respect of the Liquidity Facility Provider Information), the Retention Holder, any Agent, any Hedge Counterparty or any other party has separately verified the information contained in this Offering Circular and, accordingly, none of the Arranger, the Initial Purchaser, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager (save as specified above), the Collateral Administrator (save as specified above), the Liquidity Facility Provider (save as specified above), the Retention Holder, any Agent, any Hedge Counterparty or any other party (save for the Issuer as specified above) makes any representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained in this Offering Circular or in any further notice or other document which may at any time be supplied in connection with the Notes or their distribution or accepts any responsibility or liability Therefore
Any websites referred to herein do not form part of this Offering Circular.
In connection with the issue of the Notes, no stabilisation will take place and neither the Arranger nor the Initial Purchaser will be acting as stabilising manager in respect of the Notes.
EU RETENTION AND TRANSPARENCY REQUIREMENTS
In accordance with the EU Retention and Transparency Requirements, the Collateral Manager, in its capacity as the Retention Holder, will undertake to the Issuer, the Arranger, the Initial Purchaser and the Trustee to acquire and hold the Retention Notes on the terms set out in the EU Retention Letter.
The Monthly Reports and the Payment Date Reports will include a statement as to the receipt by the Collateral Administrator of a confirmation from the Retention Holder as to the holding of the Retention Notes, which confirmation the Retention Holder will undertake in the EU Retention Letter, to provide to the Collateral Administrator on a monthly basis.
In addition, in relation to the reporting obligations in the EU Transparency Requirements, (a) the Issuer will be designated as the entity responsible to fulfil such reporting obligations, (b) the Collateral Manager will, at the expense of the Issuer, undertake to provide to the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer (and any applicable third party reporting entity) any reports, data and other information, subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Collateral Manager, reasonably required and in its possession and/or control in connection with the proper performance by the Issuer, as the reporting entity, of its obligation to make available to the Noteholders, potential investors in the Notes and the Competent Authorities the reports and information necessary for the Issuer to fulfil the reporting requirements of the EU Transparency Requirements (and prior to the adoption of final disclosure templates in respect of the EU Transparency Requirements, the Issuer (with the assistance of the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Manager) intends to fulfil those requirements contained in subparagraphs
(viii) the Liquidity Facility Provider, (ix) a Rating Agency, (x) a Noteholder, (xi) a potential investor in the Notes,
Notwithstanding the above, the Retention Holder will on the Issue Date purchase the Retention Notes, with the intention of complying with the EU Retention Requirements.
Each investor is responsible for analysing its own position under the Volcker Rule and any similar measures and none of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Arranger, the Initial Purchaser, the Agents, the Trustee, their respective Affiliates or any other person makes any representation regarding such position, including with respect to the ability of any investor to acquire or hold the Notes, now or at any time in the future. See “Risk Factors— Regulatory Initiatives—Volcker Rule” below.
Each prospective investor should consult its own legal, business, accounting and tax advisers prior to making a decision to invest in the Notes.
THE SECURITIES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROVED BY, ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY.
THE NOTES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 1933, AS AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM.
TRANSACTION OVERVIEW 1
Discount ObligationsN/A 25.0%
Notes and to make distributions on the Subordinated Notes must instead be used to pay principal on one or more Classes of Rated Notes in accordance with the Priorities of Payments.
The maximum amount of the Liquidity Facility shall be €1,500,000 until the Liquidity Facility Commitment Period End Date (subject to reduction, amortisation or cancellation in accordance with the terms of the Liquidity Facility Agreement).
CM Voting Notes shall be exchangeable at any time upon request by the relevant Noteholder into CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes or CM Non-Voting Notes. CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes shall be exchangeable (a) upon request by the relevant Noteholder at any time into CM Non-Voting Notes or (b) into CM Voting Notes only in connection with the transfer of such Notes to an entity that is not an Affiliate of the transferor upon request of the relevant transferee or transferor and in no other circumstance. CM Non- Voting Notes shall not be exchangeable at any time into CM Voting Notes or CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes.
An investment in the Notes of any Class involves certain risks, including risks relating to the Collateral securing such Notes and risks relating to the structure and rights of such Notes and the related arrangements.
1. GENERAL
In preparing and furnishing the Monthly Reports and the Payment Date Reports, the Issuer will rely conclusively on the accuracy and completeness of the information or data regarding the Collateral Debt Obligations that has been provided to it by the Collateral Administrator (which will rely conclusively, in turn, on the accuracy and completeness of certain information provided to it by the Collateral Manager and third parties) (and reviewed by the Collateral Manager), and the Issuer will not verify, re-compute, reconcile or recalculate any such information or data.
Prospective purchasers of the Notes of any Class should ensure that they understand the nature of such Notes and the extent of their exposure to risk, that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and access to professional advisers to make their own legal, tax, regulatory, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investment in such Notes and that they consider the suitability of such Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition and that of any accounts for which they are acting.
While it is possible that current conditions may improve for certain sectors of the global economy, there can be no assurance that the CLO, leveraged finance or structured finance markets will recover from an economic downturn at the same time or to the same degree as such other recovering sectors.
In previous years, events in the collateralised debt obligation (including CLO), leveraged finance and fixed income markets have resulted in substantial fluctuations in prices for leveraged loans and high- yield debt securities and limited liquidity for such instruments.
As a confidence building measure, the European Commission created the European Financial Stability Facility (the “EFSF”) and the European Financial Stability Mechanism (the “EFSM”) to provide funding to Euro zone countries in financial difficulties that seek such support.
Despite these measures, concerns persist regarding the growing risk that other Euro zone countries could be subject to an increase in borrowing costs and could face an economic crisis similar to that of Cyprus, Greece, Italy, Ireland, Spain and Portugal, together with the risk that some countries could leave the Euro zone (either voluntarily or involuntarily including as a result of an electoral decision to leave the European Union), and that the impact of these events on Europe and the global financial system could be severe which could have a negative impact on the Collateral.
Applicability of EU law in the UK
There can be no assurance that the terms of the UK’s future trade relationship with the EU will include arrangements for the continuation of the existing passporting regime or mutual access rights to market infrastructure and recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and resolution regimes.
Following the result of the referendum on the UK’s withdrawal from the EU and its subsequent withdrawal, the financial markets have experienced volatility and disruption.
Investment activities such as the purchase, selling, holding and participation in voting or the restructuring of Collateral Debt Obligations may subject the Issuer to the risks of becoming involved in litigation by third parties.
A regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/2401) to amend the CRR (as defined in the Conditions)](the “CRR Amendment Regulation”) and a regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/2402) aiming to create a general European framework for securitisation and a specific framework for “simple, transparent and standardised” securitisation (the “Securitisation Regulation”) were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 28 December 2017 and entered into force on the twentieth day thereafter.
Most of the relevant technical standards have not yet been adopted.
Investors should be aware, and in some cases are required to be aware, of the retention, due diligence and transparency requirements in the EU (the “EU Retention and Transparency Requirements”) set out in the Securitisation Regulation (and of any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), in addition to any other regulatory requirements that are (or may become) applicable to them and/or with respect to their investment in the Notes.
The EU Retention and Transparency Requirements contain due diligence requirements that apply to certain types of “institutional investor” as defined in the Securitisation Regulation (“Institutional Investors”).
With respect to the commitment of the Retention Holder to retain a material net economic interest in the securitisation, please see the statements set out in “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements” below.
The transitional provisions of the Securitisation Regulation with respect to the EU Transparency Requirements provide that until the application of the Transparency RTS, for the purposes of the Loan Reports and the Investor Reports, the reporting entity shall make available the information referred to in Annexes I to VIII of Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/3 (the “CRA3 RTS”). Currently, there is no dedicated CRA3 RTS template for CLO transactions (other than with respect to content of Investor Reports set out in Annex VIII of the CRA3 RTS), nor is it expected that one will be developed in accordance with the CRA3 RTS.
Transparency Requirements – Collateral Manager and Issuer arrangements
Whether the Collateral Manager will be able to obtain and provide to the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator all of the information required to be reported in accordance with the EU Transparency Requirements is unclear.
As regards the jurisdictional scope of the direct risk retention obligation, the Explanatory Memorandum to the original European Commission proposal for a Securitisation Regulation implied that the direct obligation would not apply where none of the originator, sponsor or original lender is established in the EU. The European Banking Authority (the “EBA”) confirmed this interpretation (in its “Feedback on the public consultation” section of its Final Draft Regulatory Technical Standards published on 31 July 2018) where it said: “The EBA agrees however that a “direct” obligation should apply only to originators, sponsors and original lenders established in the EU as suggested by the Commission in the explanatory memorandum.” 
Uncertainties in the Scope of the EU Retention and Transparency Requirements
Any changes in the law or regulation, the interpretation or application of any law or regulation or changes in the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes for some or all investors may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual investors and, in addition, may have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
(vi) the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) of the Central Bank Act 1989.
Japan: The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and the Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that none of the Notes nor any interest therein will be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re- offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.
The Notes offered hereby will be sold to, and acquired by, the holder in a transaction exempt under Section 517.061 of the Florida Securities Act.
The Notes have been issued or sold in reliance on paragraph (14) of Code Section 10-5-11 of the Georgia Securities Act of 2006, as amended, and will therefore not be sold or transferred except in a transaction which is exempt under such Act or pursuant to an effective registration under such Act.
The Notes have not been registered under the Securities Act or any state securities or “Blue Sky” laws or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and, accordingly, may not be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred except in accordance with the restrictions described herein and set forth in the Trust Deed.
Rule 144A Notes
Each prospective purchaser of Rule 144A Notes, by accepting delivery of this Offering Circular, will be deemed to have represented and agreed that such person acknowledges that this Offering Circular is personal to it and does not constitute an offer to any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire Notes other than pursuant to Rule 144A or in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S.
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE OR OF PORTIONS OF THIS NOTE SHOULD BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE TRUST DEED REFERRED TO HEREIN.
NO TRANSFER OF A NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE PERMITTED, AND THE TRANSFER AGENT WILL NOT RECOGNISE ANY SUCH TRANSFER, IF IT WOULD CAUSE 25 PER CENT. OR MORE OF THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE CLASS E NOTES, THE CLASS F NOTES OR THE SUBORDINATED NOTES (DETERMINED SEPARATELY BY CLASS) TO BE HELD BY BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS, DISREGARDING CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (OR INTERESTS THEREIN) HELD BY CONTROLLING PERSONS (“25 PER CENT. LIMITATION”).
9. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.
15. No purchaser of Subordinated Notes will treat any income with respect to its Subordinated Notes derived in connection with the Issuer’s active conduct of a banking, financing, insurance or other similar business for purposes of Section 954(h)(2) of the Code.
1. The purchaser is located outside the United States and is not a U.S. Person.
SUBORDINATED NOTES (OR INTERESTS THEREIN) HELD BY CONTROLLING PERSONS (“25 PER CENT. LIMITATION”).
Class A IM Voting Notes
Drafts of the documents set out above at paragraphs (b) to (f) (inclusive) in substantially agreed form as well as the form of the document set out above at paragraph (j) shall be available on the website https://pivot.usbank.com maintained by the Collateral Administrator prior to the pricing date for the transaction described herein (and copies of the final form of such documents shall be available on such website as of the Issue Date to investors in the Notes, potential investors in the Notes and Competent Authorities).
Class D IM Non-Voting Notes108
The Notes will be subject to Optional Redemption, Mandatory Redemption and Special Redemption, each as described herein. See Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase).
The Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer which are payable solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Collateral (as defined herein).
The Notes will be issued at a maximum issue price of up to 100 per cent. of the principal amount thereof.
The date of this Offering Circular is 12 December 2019
AVAILABLE INFORMATION
EACH PURCHASER OF THE NOTES MUST COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN FORCE IN EACH JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT PURCHASES, OFFERS OR SELLS SUCH NOTES OR POSSESSES OR DISTRIBUTES THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND MUST OBTAIN ANY CONSENT, APPROVAL OR PERMISSION REQUIRED FOR THE PURCHASE, OFFER OR SALE BY IT OF SUCH NOTES UNDER THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN FORCE IN ANY JURISDICTIONS TO WHICH IT IS SUBJECT OR IN WHICH IT MAKES SUCH PURCHASES, OFFERS OR SALES, AND, NONE OF THE INVESTMENT MANAGER, THE TRUSTEE, THE COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR, THE ISSUER, THE ARRANGER OR THE INITIAL PURCHASER (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES) SPECIFIED HEREIN SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY THEREFOR.
RULE 17G-5 COMPLIANCE 241
As a result, the Notes may not be a suitable investment for any investor that requires a regular or predictable schedule of principal payments.
The Collateral Debt Obligations will consist primarily of non-investment grade loans or interests in non- investment grade loans and bonds, which are subject to liquidity, market value, credit, interest rate, reinvestment and certain other risks.
The effect of an economic downturn on default rates and the ability of finance providers to protect their investment in a default situation is uncertain.
A non-investment grade loan or debt obligation or an interest in a non-investment grade loan is generally considered speculative in nature and may become a Defaulted Obligation for a variety of reasons.
The Warehouse Arrangements were provided by a senior lender and a junior lender (the “Warehouse Providers”).
For reasons not necessarily attributable to any of the risks set forth herein (for example, supply/demand imbalances or other market forces), the prices of the Collateral Debt Obligations in which the Issuer invests may decline substantially.
4.6 The Target Par Amount
During the Initial Investment Period, the Investment Manager on behalf of the Issuer, will seek to acquire additional Collateral Debt Obligations in order to satisfy each of the Coverage Tests (other than the Interest Coverage Tests, which are required to be satisfied as of the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date following the Effective Date), Collateral Quality Tests, Portfolio Profile Tests and the Target Par Amount requirement as at the Effective Date. See “The Portfolio.”
Notwithstanding such restrictions and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set out in the Investment Management and Collateral Administration Agreement, sales and purchases by the Investment Manager of Collateral Debt Obligations could result in losses by the Issuer, which will be borne in the first instance by the holders of the Subordinated Notes and then by the Rated Notes, beginning with the most junior Class.
Some Collateral Debt Obligations may bear interest at a fixed rate, for example high yield bonds. Risks associated with fixed rate obligations are discussed at 4.18 “Interest Rate Risk”.
The majority of Senior Obligations and Mezzanine Obligations bear interest based on a floating rate index, for example EURIBOR, a certificate of deposit rate, a prime or base rate (each as defined in the applicable loan agreement) or other index, which may reset daily (as most prime or base rate indices do) or offer the borrower a choice of one, two, three, six, nine or twelve month interest and rate reset periods.
In order to induce banks and institutional investors to invest in a Senior Obligation, Second Lien Loan or Mezzanine Obligation, and to obtain a favourable rate of interest, an Obligor under such an obligation often provides the investors therein with extensive information about its business, which is not generally available to the public.
ecured Senior Bonds and High Yield Bonds are generally freely transferrable negotiable instruments (subject to standard selling and transfer restrictions to ensure compliance with applicable law, and subject to minimum denominations) and may be listed and admitted to trading on a regulated or an exchange regulated market; however there is currently no liquid market for them to any materially greater extent than there is for Senior Obligations which are loans.
Investing in Cov-Lite Loans involves certain risks
The Issuer or the Investment Manager acting on its behalf may purchase Collateral Debt Obligations which are Cov-Lite Loans.
High Yield Bonds are generally unsecured, may be subordinated to other obligations of the applicable obligor and generally involve greater credit and liquidity risks than those associated with investment grade corporate obligations.
Many issuers of High Yield Bonds are highly leveraged, and specific developments affecting such issuers, including reduced cash flow from operations or inability to refinance debt at maturity, may also adversely affect such issuers’ ability to meet their debt service obligations.
In the case of High Yield Bonds issued by issuers with their principal place of business in Europe, structural subordination of High Yield Bonds, coupled with the relatively shallow depth of the European high yield market, leads European high yield defaults to realise lower average recoveries than their U.S. counterparts.
U.S. and European credits; it is the severity of the effect of any default that differs between the two markets as a result of the aforementioned factors.
The Investment Manager may, in accordance with its portfolio management practices and subject to the Transaction Documents, agree on behalf of the Issuer to extend or defer the maturity, or adjust the outstanding balance of any underlying asset, or otherwise amend, modify or waive the terms of any related loan agreement, including the payment terms thereunder.
principal amount of such Collateral Debt Obligation.
Characteristics of Unsecured Senior Obligations
Distressed company and other asset-based investments require active monitoring and may, at times, require participation by the Issuer in business strategy or bankruptcy proceedings.
4.11 Collateral Enhancement Obligations
Collateral Enhancement Obligations and any income or return generated thereby are not taken into account for the purposes of determining satisfaction of, or required to satisfy, any of the Coverage Tests, the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Collateral Quality Tests or the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test.
The Investment Manager may, in accordance with its portfolio management practices and subject to the Trust Deed and the Investment Management and Collateral Administration Agreement, agree on behalf of the Issuer to extend or defer the maturity, or adjust the outstanding balance of any underlying asset, or otherwise amend, modify or waive the terms of any related loan agreement, including the payment terms thereunder.
Interests in loans acquired directly by way of novation or assignment are referred to herein as “Assignments”