As described above under “U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of the Notes”, the Issuer intends to treat the Class E Notes and Class F Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state, and local income and franchise tax purposes, and the Trust Deed requires Noteholders to treat the Class E Notes and Class F Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes. Nevertheless, the IRS could assert, and a court could ultimately hold, that the Class E Notes and Class F Notes are equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
U.S. Holder of such Notes also is treated as a 10 per cent. United States shareholder with respect to the Issuer, then the U.S. Holder generally would be subject to the rules discussed below under “U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes—Investment in a Controlled Foreign Corporation” with respect to its Class E Notes and Class F Notes.
U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes
The Issuer will provide, upon request and at the Issuer’s expense, all information and documentation that a U.S. Holder making a QEF election with respect to the Issuer is required to obtain for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Subordinated Notes and a QEF election with respect to the Issuer. In the event that the Issuer is a CFC, then, at the request and expense of any U.S. Holder that is a 10 per cent. United States shareholder with respect to the Issuer, the Issuer will provide the information necessary for the U.S. Holder to comply with any filing requirements that arise as a result of the Issuer’s classification as a CFC.
U.S. Holder, and not the Issuer, would be required to make a QEF election with respect to each indirect interest in a PFIC. However, certain PFIC information statements are necessary for U.S. Holders that have made QEF elections, and there can be no assurance that the Issuer can obtain such statements from a PFIC, and thus there can be no assurance that a U.S. Holder will be able to make the election with respect to any indirectly held PFIC.
U.S. dollar value of the amount realised. The U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Subordinated Notes will be increased by amounts taxable to the U.S. Holder by reason of any QEF election, or by reason of the CFC rules, as applicable, and decreased by the U.S. dollar value of actual distributions by the Issuer that are deemed to consist of such previously taxed amounts or are treated as a nontaxable return of capital, as described above under “Distributions”.
Receipt of Euro. U.S. Holders will have a tax basis in any euro received in respect of the Subordinated Notes on a sale, redemption, or other disposition of the Subordinated Notes equal to the U.S. dollar value of the euro on that date. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale, exchange, or other disposition of those euro generally will be ordinary income or loss. A U.S. Holder that converts the euro into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt generally should not recognise ordinary income or loss in respect of the conversion.
U.S. Holders that fail to comply with these reporting requirements may be subject to adverse tax consequences, including a “tolling” of the statute of limitations with respect to their U.S. tax returns. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors with respect to these or any other reporting requirements that may apply with respect to their acquisition or ownership of the Subordinated Notes.
A participant in a “reportable transaction” is required to disclose its participation in such a transaction on IRS Form 8886. Any foreign currency exchange loss in excess of $50,000 recognised by a U.S. Holder may be subject to this disclosure requirement. Failure to comply with this disclosure requirement can result in substantial penalties. U.S. Holders should consult their advisors with respect to the requirement to disclose reportable transactions.