Sculptor European CLO VII DAC
(a designated activity company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered number 643644 and having its registered office at 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland)

€186,000,000 Class A Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2034
€11,200,000 Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2034
€12,400,000 Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2034
€18,900,000 Class C Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034
€20,500,000 Class D Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034
€18,600,000 Class E Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034
€5,100,000 Class F Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034
€15,000,000 Class Z Notes due 2034
€28,050,000 Subordinated Notes due 2034

The assets securing the Notes (as defined herein) will consist primarily of a portfolio of Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds managed by Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited (the “Collateral Manager”).
Sculptor European CLO VII DAC (the “Issuer”) will, subject to certain conditions, issue the €186,000,000 Class A Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class A Notes”), €11,200,000 Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class B-1 Notes”), €12,400,000 Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class B-2 Notes” and together with the Class B-1 Notes, the “Class B Notes”), €18,900,000 Class C Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class C Notes”), €20,500,000 Class D Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class D Notes”), €18,600,000 Class E Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class E Notes”), €5,100,000 Class F Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class F Notes”), €15,000,000 Class Z Notes due 2034 (the “Class Z Notes”) and the €28,050,000 Subordinated Notes due 2034 (the “Subordinated Notes”) on or about 11 December 2020 (the “Issue Date”).
The Class A Notes, the Class B-1 Notes, the Class B-2 Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes (such Classes, the “Rated Notes” and together with the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes are collectively referred to herein as the “Notes”). The Notes will be issued and secured pursuant to a trust deed (the “Trust Deed”) dated on or about Issue Date, made between (amongst others) the Issuer and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited in its capacity as trustee (the “Trustee”).
Interest on the Notes will be payable (i) quarterly in arrear on 15 January, 15 April, 15 July and 15 October of each year, other than following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event (as defined herein); and (ii) semi-annually in arrear following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event on (A) 15 January and 15 July of each year (where the Payment Date immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Frequency Switch Event falls in either January or July of any year), or (B) 15 April and 15 October of each year (where the Payment Date immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Frequency Switch Event falls in either April or October of any year), commencing on 15 July 2021 and ending on the Maturity Date (as defined herein) (subject to any earlier redemption of the Notes and in each case (i) subject to adjustment for non-Business Days in accordance with the Conditions and (ii) in accordance with the Priorities of Payment).
The Notes will be subject to Optional Redemption, Mandatory Redemption and Special Redemption, each as described herein. See Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase).
See the section entitled “Risk Factors” herein for a discussion of certain factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Notes.
The Issuer expects to be a “covered fund” for the purposes of the Volcker Rule. See “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Volcker Rule”.
This Offering Circular does not constitute a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation 2017/1129/EU (as amended from time to time, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Issuer is not offering the Notes in any jurisdiction in circumstances that would require a prospectus to be prepared pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. Application has been made to The Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (the “Euronext Dublin”) for the Notes to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (the “Global Exchange Market”) which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. There can be no assurance any that such listing will be maintained. Euronext Dublin has approved this Offering Circular as listing particulars.
The Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer which are payable solely out of amounts received by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Collateral (as defined herein). The net proceeds of the realisation of the security over the Collateral upon acceleration of the Notes following a Note Event of Default (as defined herein) may be insufficient to pay all amounts due on the Notes after making payments to other creditors of the Issuer ranking in priority thereto or pari passu therewith. In the event of a shortfall in such proceeds, the Issuer will not be obliged to pay, and the other assets (including the Issuer Profit Account and the rights of the Issuer under the Corporate Services Agreement (each as defined herein)) of the Issuer will not be available for payment of such shortfall, all claims in respect of such shortfall will be extinguished. See Condition 4(c) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition).
The Notes have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and will be offered only: (a) to non-“U.S. Persons” acquiring the Notes in an “offshore transaction” (as such terms are defined in, and
in accordance with, Regulation S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)); and (b) within the United States to persons and outside the United States to U.S. Persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S (“U.S. Persons”)), in each case, who are both qualified institutional buyers (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”)) in reliance on Rule 144A and qualified purchasers for the purposes of Section 3(c)(7) of the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”). The Issuer will not be registered under the Investment Company Act. Interests in the Notes will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer, and each purchaser of the Notes offered hereby in making its purchase will be deemed to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements. See “Plan of Distribution” and “Transfer Restrictions”.
The Notes (other than certain Class Z Notes being sold directly by the Issuer to Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited (the “Retention Holder”)) (the “Subscribed Notes”) are being offered by the Issuer through Barclays Bank PLC in its capacity as initial purchaser of the offering of such Subscribed Notes (the “Initial Purchaser”) subject to prior sale, when, as and if delivered to and accepted by the Initial Purchaser, and to certain conditions. It is expected that delivery of the Notes will be made on or about the Issue Date. The Initial Purchaser and the Issuer may offer the Notes at prices as may be negotiated at the time of sale, which may vary among different purchasers and which may be different to the issue price of the Notes.
Barclays Bank PLC
Sole Arranger and Initial Purchaser

The date of this Offering Circular is 10 December 2020
Other than as set out herein, the Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this document and, to the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information included in this document is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The Collateral Manager accepts responsibility for the information contained in the sections of this document headed “Risk Factors – Conflicts of Interest – Certain Conflicts of Interest Involving or Relating to the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates”, “Risk Factors – Regulatory Matters Involving or Relating to the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates”, “Description of the Collateral Manager”, “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements – Description of the Retention Holder” and “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements – Origination of the Collateral Obligations” (other than the first two paragraphs of the section entitled “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements – Credit Granting Criteria”) (the “Collateral Manager Information”). To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Collateral Manager (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the Collateral Manager Information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. The Collateral Administrator accepts responsibility for the information contained in the section of this document headed “Description of the Collateral Administrator – General” (the “Collateral Administrator Information”). To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Collateral Administrator (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. Except for the Collateral Manager Information, in the case of the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator Information, in the case of the Collateral Administrator, neither the Collateral Manager nor the Collateral Administrator accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any information contained in this Offering Circular. The delivery of this Offering Circular at any time does not imply that the information herein is correct at any time subsequent to the date of this Offering Circular.

None of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager (save in respect of the Collateral Manager Information), the Collateral Administrator (save in respect of the Collateral Administrator Information), any other Agent, any Hedge Counterparty or any other party has separately verified the information contained in this Offering Circular and, accordingly, none of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager (save as specified above), the Collateral Administrator (save as specified above), any other Agent, any Hedge Counterparty, or any other party (save for the Issuer as specified above) makes any representation, recommendation or warranty, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, reasonableness or completeness of the information contained in this Offering Circular or in any further notice or other document which may at any time be supplied in connection with the Notes or their distribution or accepts any responsibility or liability therefor. None of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder, the Collateral Administrator, any other Agent, any Hedge Counterparty or any other party undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Offering Circular nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the aforementioned parties which is not included in this Offering Circular. None of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator, any other Agent, any Hedge Counterparty (in each case other than as specified above) or any other party (save for the Issuer as specified above) accepts any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information contained in this Offering Circular.

This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of, the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator, the Trustee and/or any of their respective Affiliates or any other person to subscribe for or purchase any of the Notes. The distribution of this Offering Circular and the offering of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Offering Circular comes are required by the Issuer and the Initial Purchaser to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. In particular, the communication constituted by this Offering Circular is directed only at persons who (i) are outside the United Kingdom and are offered and accept this Offering Circular in compliance with such restrictions or (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to
(d) (High net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc.) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 or who otherwise fall within an exemption set forth in such Order so that Section 21(1) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not apply to the Issuer (all such persons together being referred to as “relevant persons”). This communication must not be distributed to, acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.
For a description of certain further restrictions on offers and sales of Notes and distribution of this Offering Circular, see “Plan of Distribution” and “Transfer Restrictions” below.

In connection with the issue and sale of the Notes, no person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Offering Circular and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager or the Collateral Administrator. The delivery of this Offering Circular at any time does not imply that the information contained in it is correct as at any time subsequent to its date.

In this Offering Circular, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references to “Euro”, “euro”, “€” and “EUR” are to the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted and retain the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time; provided that if any member state or states ceases to have such single currency as its lawful currency (such member state(s) being the “Exiting State(s)”), the euro shall, for the avoidance of doubt, mean for all purposes the single currency adopted and retained as the lawful currency of the remaining member states and shall not include any successor currency introduced by the Exiting State(s) but for the avoidance of doubt shall not affect any definition of euro used in respect of the Collateral and any references to “US Dollar”, “US dollar”, “USD”, “U.S. Dollar” or “$” shall mean the lawful currency of the United States of America.

S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”) is established in the EU and Moody’s Investors Services Limited (“Moody’s”) is established in the UK. As at the date of this Offering Circular, each of the Rating Agencies is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA” ) on its website in accordance with CRA Regulation.
Any websites referred to herein do not form part of this Offering Circular.
In connection with the issue of the Notes, no stabilisation will take place and Barclays Bank PLC will not be acting as stabilising manager in respect of the Notes.
The Issuer is not and will not be regulated by the Central Bank as a result of issuing the Notes. Any investment in the Notes does not have the status of a bank deposit and is not within the scope of the deposit protection scheme operated by the Central Bank.
SECURITISATION REGULATION
Each prospective investor in the Notes is required to independently assess and determine whether the information provided herein and in any reports provided to investors in relation to this transaction are sufficient to comply with the EU Retention Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), the EU Transparency Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) and investor due diligence requirements under the Securitisation Regulation (as defined in the Conditions) or any other regulatory requirement. None of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, any Collateral Manager Related Person, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Collateral Administrator, the Trustee, the Retention Holder, their respective Affiliates or any other Person makes any representation, warranty or guarantee that any such information is sufficient for such purposes or any other purpose and no such Person shall have any liability to any Noteholder, prospective investor or any other Person with respect to the insufficiency of such information or any failure of the transactions contemplated hereby to satisfy the EU Retention Requirements, the EU Transparency Requirements and investor due diligence requirements under the Securitisation Regulation or any other applicable legal, regulatory or other requirements. Each prospective investor in the Notes which is subject to the EU Retention Requirements, the EU Transparency Requirements and investor due diligence requirements under the Securitisation Regulation or any other regulatory requirement should consult with its own legal, accounting and other advisors and/or its national regulator to determine whether, and to what extent, such information is sufficient for such purposes and any other requirements of which it is uncertain. Investors are directed to the further descriptions of the EU Retention Requirements and the EU Transparency Requirements in “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Risk Retention and Transparency Requirements” and “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements”.
In addition, in relation to the reporting obligations in the EU Transparency Requirements:
(a) the Issuer will be designated as the entity responsible to fulfil such reporting obligations;
(b) the Collateral Manager will undertake to use its reasonable endeavours to provide to the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer (and any applicable third party reporting entity) any reports, data and other information (or access to such information):
(i) which is in the possession of the Collateral Manager;
(ii) which is not subject to legal or contractual restrictions on its disclosure (unless the relevant information can be summarised or disclosed in an anonymised form, as appropriate);
(iii) to which the Collateral Administrator does not otherwise have access in the ordinary course of its collateral administration duties, which is not already required to be provided to the Issuer directly or which is not otherwise in the Issuer’s possession (in each case, as applicable); and
(iv) which is required by the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer in connection with the proper performance by the Issuer, as the reporting entity, of its obligation to make available to the Noteholders, potential investors in the Notes and the competent authorities the reports and information necessary for the Issuer to fulfil the reporting requirements of the EU Transparency Requirements;
(c) the Issuer, in consultation with the Collateral Manager, shall procure the compilation of each of the Loan Reports and Investor Reports (each as defined in the Conditions), in each case in the form required by and in accordance with the frequency requirements set out in the EU Transparency Requirements; and
(d) the Collateral Administrator shall make such Loan Reports and Investor Reports, together with any other information, data and reports (in each case as provided to it and instructed by the Collateral Manager and the Issuer) available to the Relevant Recipients via the Reporting Website or such other method of dissemination as is required by the Securitisation Regulation (as notified to the Collateral Administrator by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and as agreed with the Collateral Administrator) as provided to it.
The Collateral Administrator shall not assume any responsibility for the Issuer’s obligations as the entity responsible for fulfilling the reporting obligations under the EU Transparency Requirements. In making available such information, documents and reporting, the Collateral Administrator also assumes no responsibility or liability
to any third party, including the Noteholders and potential Noteholders (including for their use and/or onward disclosure of such information, documents and reporting), and shall have the benefit of the powers, protections and indemnities granted to it under the Transaction Documents.
In addition, the Issuer may incur additional costs and expenses in seeking to comply with such disclosure obligations and certain amendments may be required in relation to the Transaction Documents. Such costs and expenses would be payable by the Issuer as Administrative Expenses. In the event that the Issuer is not able to comply with these requirements, the imposition of sanctions or remedial measures on the Issuer may directly and adversely affect the amounts payable under Notes and otherwise affect the performance of the Issuer’s obligations and such non-compliance may also have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
The Issuer shall (with assistance from the Collateral Manager, to the extent reasonably required) notify the Central Bank of Ireland of the transaction described in the Transaction Documents no later than 15 Business Days after the date hereof, which notification shall comply with the Central Bank of Ireland’s guidance in relation to the Irish STS Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be the entity responsible for submitting the notification to the Central Bank of Ireland.
With respect to the EU Retention Requirements, the Retention Holder will represent and undertake to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the Sole Arranger and the Initial Purchaser in a letter agreement to acquire and retain the Retention Notes on the terms set out in the Retention Undertaking Letter. The Monthly Reports will include a statement as to the receipt by the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator of a confirmation from the Collateral Manager as to the holding of the Retention Notes, which confirmation the Collateral Manager will undertake, upon request, to provide to the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator on a monthly basis.
The Issuer intends that this Offering Circular constitutes a transaction summary overview of the main features of the transaction contemplated herein for the purposes of Article 7(1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation.
U.S. RISK RETENTION RULES
The U.S. Risk Retention Rules (as defined below) require the “sponsor” of a “securitization transaction”, if any, to retain (either directly or through its “majority-owned affiliates”) not less than 5% of the “credit risk” of “securitized assets” (as such terms are defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules). The U.S. Risk Retention Rules prohibit the “sponsor” or its “majority-owned affiliates”, as applicable, from directly or indirectly eliminating or reducing its credit exposure by hedging or otherwise transferring the “credit risk” during the period of time that the U.S. Risk Retention Rules required that the risk be retained.
Based on the LSTA Decision and the Mandate (as defined below), it should be assumed by each prospective investor that no party involved in the transaction will obtain on the Issue Date and retain any Notes intended to satisfy the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. None of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Issuer, the Collateral Manager or the Collateral Administrator or any of their respective affiliates or any other Person makes any representations, warranty or guarantee, and no such Person shall have any liability to any recipient of this Offering Circular or any other Person with respect to the sufficiency of information provided herein or actions described herein with respect to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules or any other applicable legal, regulatory or other requirements or whether such regulations are applicable to this transaction. Each prospective investor in the Notes, to the extent it considers the U.S. Risk Retention Rules to be relevant to its decision to invest, should independently assess and determine the sufficiency, for the purposes of complying with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, of the information set forth in this Offering Circular, and should consult with its own legal, accounting and other advisers or its national regulator to determine whether, and to what extent, such information is sufficient for such purposes and with respect to any other related requirements of which it is uncertain.
VOLCKER RULE
Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act (the “Volcker Rule”) prevents “banking entities” (a term which includes U.S. banking organisations and their affiliates wheresoever located as well as non-U.S. banking organisations that have a branch or agency office in the U.S., regardless of where such banking organisation or its affiliates are located) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading in financial instruments, or (ii) acquiring or retaining any “ownership interest” in, or in “sponsoring”, a “covered fund”, subject to certain exemptions.
An “ownership interest” is defined widely and may arise through a holder’s exposure to the profits and losses of the “covered fund”, as well as through certain rights of the holder to participate in the selection or removal of an investment advisor, investment manager, or general partner, trustee, or member of the board of directors of the “covered fund”. A “covered fund” is defined widely, and includes any issuer which would be an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940 (the “ICA”) but is exempt from registration solely in reliance on section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of that Act, subject to certain exemptions found in the Volcker Rule’s implementing regulations.
In June 2020, the five federal agencies responsible for implementing the Volcker Rule adopted amendments to the Volcker Rule’s implementing regulations, including changes relevant to the treatment of securitisations (the “Volcker Changes”). Among other things, the Volcker Changes create additional exclusions from the “covered fund” definition, and narrow the definition of “ownership interest” to exclude certain “senior debt interests”. In addition, under the Volcker Changes, a debt interest is no longer considered an “ownership interest” solely because the holder has the right to remove or replace the manager following a cause-related default. The Volcker Changes became effective on 1 October 2020; however it should be noted that in certain circumstances, an adopted regulation, including but not limited to the Volcker Changes, can be rescinded under the Congressional Review Act if a joint resolution of disapproval is adopted by both houses of Congress within a limited number of days following adoption of the regulation.
The Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are issued in subclasses, some of which have voting rights with respect to the removal of, and selection of a replacement for the Collateral Manager, and others of which do not possess such voting rights. Accordingly, U.S. and non U.S. banking entities investing in those classes of Notes will have the option of investing in subclasses that do not by their terms have a right to remove or select the replacement for the Collateral Manager or investing in subclasses which possess such rights. There can be no assurance, however, that owning the Notes of such a subclass without such voting rights (rather than a note of another subclass identical in every respect but for the right to vote to remove or select a replacement for the Collateral Manager) will be effective in resulting in such investments in the Issuer held by U.S. and non U.S. banking entities subject to the Volcker Rule (whether in the form of CM Non-Voting Notes or CM Exchangeable Non-Voting Notes) not being characterised as “ownership interests” in the Issuer.
The Class Z Notes shall not carry any rights to vote in respect of, or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of any votes in respect of any CM Removal Resolutions or CM Replacement Resolutions. There can be no assurance that this feature will be effective in ensuring that investments in the Class Z Notes by
U.S. banking institutions and other “banking entities” subject to the Volcker Rule are not characterised as an “ownership interest” in the Issuer.
Prospective investors should make their own determinations as to whether their investment qualifies as an “ownership interest”.
If the Issuer is deemed to be a “covered fund”, then in the absence of regulatory relief, the provisions of the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory provisions will severely limit the ability of “banking entities” to hold an “ownership interest” in the Issuer. Any entity that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule and is considering an investment in “ownership interests” of the Issuer should consult its own legal advisors and consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment. If investment by “banking entities” in the Notes of any Class is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the marketability and liquidity of such Notes.
Each investor is responsible for analysing its own position under the Volcker Rule and any other similar laws and regulations and none of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder, the Trustee or the Sole Arranger nor any of their Affiliates makes any representation to any prospective investor or purchaser of the Notes regarding the application of the Volcker Rule to the Issuer, or to such investor's investment in the Notes on the Issue Date or at any time in the future.
No assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker Rule on the ability of certain investors subject thereto to acquire or retain an interest in the Notes. Each prospective investor in the Notes should independently consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of any investment in the Notes. See “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Volcker Rule” below.
Information as to placement within the United States
The Notes of each Class offered pursuant to an exemption from registration requirements under Rule 144A under the Securities Act (“Rule 144A”) (the “Rule 144A Notes”) will be sold only to “qualified institutional buyers” (as defined in Rule 144A) (“QIBs”) that are also “qualified purchasers” for purposes of Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act (“QPs”). Rule 144A Notes of each Class (other than, in certain circumstances, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes) will each be represented on issue by beneficial interests in one or more permanent global certificates of such Class (each, a “Rule 144A Global Certificate” and together, the “Rule 144A Global Certificates”) or may in some cases be represented by definitive certificates of such Class (each a “Rule 144A Definitive Certificate” and, together, the “Rule 144A Definitive Certificates”), in each case in fully registered form, without interest coupons or principal receipts, which will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with, and registered in the name of, a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), or, in the case of Rule 144A Definitive Certificates, the registered holder thereof.
The Notes of each Class (other than in certain circumstances, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes) sold to non-“U.S. Persons” in an “offshore transaction”, as such terms are defined in, and in accordance with Regulation S (“Regulation S”) under the Securities Act (the “Regulation S Notes”) will each be represented on issue by beneficial interests in one or more permanent global certificates of such Class (each, a “Regulation S Global Certificate” and together, the “Regulation S Global Certificates”) or may in some cases be represented by definitive certificates of such Class (each a “Regulation S Definitive Certificate” and, together, the “Regulation S Definitive Certificates”), in each case in fully registered form, without interest coupons or principal receipts, which will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with, and registered in the name of, a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, in the case of Regulation S Definitive Certificates, the registered holder thereof. Neither U.S. Persons nor U.S. residents (as determined for the purposes of the Investment Company Act) (“U.S. Residents”) may hold an interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate or a Regulation S Definitive Certificate.
Ownership interests in the Regulation S Global Certificates and the Rule 144A Global Certificates (together, the “Global Certificates”) will be shown on, and transfers thereof will only be effected through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and their respective participants. Other than with respect to the Class Z Notes, Notes in definitive, certificated, fully registered form will be issued only in limited circumstances and will be registered in the name of the holder (or a nominee) thereof. The Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes may, in certain circumstances described herein, be issued in definitive, certificated, fully registered form, pursuant to the Trust Deed and will be offered to non-“U.S. Persons” in an “offshore transaction”, as such terms are defined in, and in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act and within the United States to persons who are QIB/QPs in reliance on Rule 144A and, in each case, will be registered in the name of the holder (or a nominee thereof). In each case, purchasers and transferees of notes will be deemed and in certain circumstances will be required to have made certain representations and agreements. See “Form of the Notes”, “Book Entry Clearance Procedures”, “Plan of Distribution” and “Transfer Restrictions”.
The Issuer has not been registered under the Investment Company Act. Each purchaser of an interest in the Notes (other than a non-U.S. Person outside the U.S.) will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed that it is a QIB and a QP and will also be deemed to have made the representations set out in “Transfer Restrictions” herein. The purchaser of any Note, by such purchase, agrees that such Note is being acquired for its own account and not with a view to distribution (other than in the case of the Initial Purchaser) and may be resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only (1) to the Issuer (upon redemption thereof or otherwise), (2) to a person the purchaser reasonably believes is a QIB/QP, in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, or (3) to a non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in reliance on Regulation S, in each case, in compliance with the Trust Deed and all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. See “Transfer Restrictions”.
In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own examination of the Issuer and the terms of the Notes and the offering thereof described herein, including the merits and risks involved.
THE NOTES OFFERED HEREBY HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED WITH, OR APPROVED BY, ANY UNITED STATES FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY. FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT PASSED
UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THIS OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE.
This Offering Circular has been prepared by the Issuer solely for use in connection with the offering of the Notes described herein (the “Offering”). Each of the Issuer and the Initial Purchaser reserves the right to reject any offer to purchase Notes in whole or in part for any reason, or to sell less than the stated initial principal amount of any Class of Notes offered hereby. This Offering Circular is personal to each offeree to whom it has been delivered by the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser or any Affiliate thereof and does not constitute an offer to any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire the Notes. Distribution of this Offering Circular to any persons other than the offeree and those persons, if any, retained to advise such offeree with respect thereto is unauthorised and any disclosure of any of its contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited. Any reproduction or distribution of this Offering Circular in whole or in part and any disclosure of its contents or use of any information herein for any purpose other than considering an investment in the securities offered herein is prohibited.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each recipient (and each employee, representative, or other agent of such recipient) may disclose to any and all persons, without limitation of any kind, the U.S. federal, state, and local tax treatment of the Issuer, the Notes, or the transactions referenced herein and all materials of any kind (including opinions or other U.S. tax analyses) relating to such U.S. federal, state, and local tax treatment and that may be relevant to understanding such U.S. federal, state, and local tax treatment.
Available Information
To permit compliance with the Securities Act in connection with the sale of the Notes in reliance on Rule 144A, the Issuer will be required under the Trust Deed to furnish upon request to a holder or beneficial owner who is a QIB of a Note sold in reliance on Rule 144A or a prospective investor who is a QIB designated by such holder or beneficial owner the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if at the time of the request the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) under the Exchange Act. All information made available by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of this paragraph may also be obtained during usual business hours free of charge at the office of the Principal Paying Agent.
General Notice
EACH PURCHASER OF THE NOTES MUST COMPLY WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN FORCE IN EACH JURISDICTION IN WHICH IT PURCHASES, OFFERS OR SELLS SUCH NOTES OR POSSESSES OR DISTRIBUTES THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR AND MUST OBTAIN ANY CONSENT, APPROVAL OR PERMISSION REQUIRED FOR THE PURCHASE, OFFER OR SALE BY IT OF SUCH NOTES UNDER THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS IN FORCE IN ANY JURISDICTIONS TO WHICH IT IS SUBJECT OR IN WHICH IT MAKES SUCH PURCHASES, OFFERS OR SALES, AND NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE INITIAL PURCHASER, THE SOLE ARRANGER, THE COLLATERAL MANAGER, THE TRUSTEE OR THE COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR SPECIFIED HEREIN (OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES) SHALL HAVE ANY RESPONSIBILITY THEREFOR.
THE NOTES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.
Commodity Pool Regulation
BASED UPON INTERPRETIVE GUIDANCE PROVIDED FROM A DIVISION OF THE U.S. COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE “CFTC”), THE ISSUER IS NOT EXPECTED TO BE TREATED AS A COMMODITY POOL AND AS SUCH, THE ISSUER (OR THE COLLATERAL MANAGER ON THE ISSUER’S BEHALF) MAY ENTER INTO ONE OR MORE HEDGE AGREEMENTS (OR ANY OTHER AGREEMENT THAT WOULD FALL WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF “SWAP” AS SET OUT IN THE CEA (AS DEFINED BELOW)) FOLLOWING RECEIPT OF LEGAL ADVICE FROM REPUTABLE COUNSEL
TO THE EFFECT THAT NONE OF THE ISSUER, ITS DIRECTORS OR OFFICERS, OR THE COLLATERAL MANAGER OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS OR EMPLOYEES, SHOULD BE REQUIRED TO REGISTER WITH THE CFTC AS A “COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR” OR A “COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR” (AS SUCH TERMS ARE DEFINED IN THE U.S. COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS AMENDED (THE “CEA”) AND CFTC REGULATIONS IN RESPECT OF THE ISSUER. IN THE EVENT THAT TRADING OR ENTERING INTO ONE OR MORE HEDGE AGREEMENTS WOULD RESULT IN THE ISSUER’S ACTIVITIES FALLING WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF A “COMMODITY POOL” AS DEFINED IN THE CEA, THE COLLATERAL MANAGER WOULD EITHER SEEK TO UTILISE ANY AVAILABLE EXEMPTIONS FROM REGISTRATION AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR (A “CPO”) OR A COMMODITY TRADING ADVISOR (A “CTA”) OR REGISTER AS A CPO OR A CTA. UTILIZING ANY SUCH EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION MAY IMPOSE ADDITIONAL COSTS ON THE COLLATERAL MANAGER, AND MAY SIGNIFICANTLY LIMIT ITS ABILITY TO ENGAGE IN HEDGING ACTIVITIES ON BEHALF OF THE ISSUER. IF THE COLLATERAL MANAGER IS REQUIRED TO REGISTER AS A CPO OR A CTA, IT WILL BECOME SUBJECT TO NUMEROUS REPORTING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS AND IT IS EXPECTED THAT IT WILL INCUR SIGNIFICANT ADDITIONAL COSTS IN COMPLYING WITH ITS OBLIGATIONS AS A REGISTERED CPO OR CTA, WHICH COSTS ARE EXPECTED TO BE PASSED ON TO THE ISSUER AND MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO MAKE PAYMENT ON THE NOTES.
Applicability of EU Law in the UK
THE UK WITHDREW FROM AND CEASED TO BE A MEMBER STATE OF THE EU AT 11:00 P.M. GMT ON 31 JANUARY 2020. THE NEGOTIATED WITHDRAWAL AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BETWEEN THE UK AND THE EU PROVIDES FOR A TRANSITION PERIOD, COMMENCING ON 31 JANUARY 2020 AND ENDING AT 11.00 P.M. GMT ON 31 DECEMBER 2020 (SUCH PERIOD, THE “TRANSITION PERIOD”). UNLESS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THE NEGOTIATED WITHDRAWAL AGREEMENT, EU LAW WILL BE APPLICABLE TO AND IN THE UK DURING THE TRANSITION PERIOD. ACCORDINGLY, DURING THE TRANSITION PERIOD ANY REFERENCES IN THIS OFFERING CIRCULAR TO THE “EU” AND ITS “MEMBER STATES” IN THE CONTEXT OF EU LEGISLATION AND THE APPLICATION THEREOF SHALL BE INTERPRETED SO AS TO INCLUDE THE UK (EXCEPT WHERE EXPRESSLY INDICATED OTHERWISE).
MIFID II Product Governance
Solely for the purposes of each manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.
PRIIPs Regulation and Prospectus Regulation
The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
OVERVIEW 1
RISK FACTORS 20
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 106
USE OF PROCEEDS 254
FORM OF THE NOTES 255
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES 259
RULE 17G-5 COMPLIANCE 261
RATINGS OF THE NOTES 262
THE ISSUER 264
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL MANAGER 266
THE PORTFOLIO 271
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION
AGREEMENT 327
THE RETENTION HOLDER AND EU RETENTION AND TRANSPARENCY REQUIREMENTS 337
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR 341
HEDGING ARRANGEMENTS 342
DESCRIPTION OF THE REPORTS 348
TAX CONSIDERATIONS 355
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS 375
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 379
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 389
GENERAL INFORMATION 403
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 406
ANNEX A S&P RECOVERY RATES415
ANNEX B S&P CDO EVALUATOR COUNTRY CODES, REGIONS AND RECOVERY GROUPS418
ANNEX C FORM OF ERISA CERTIFICATE424
ANNEX D MOODY’S REGION FOR DIVERSITY SCORE428
OVERVIEW
The following Overview does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the detailed information appearing elsewhere in this offering circular (the “Offering Circular”) and related documents referred to herein. Capitalised terms not specifically defined in this Overview have the meanings set out in Condition 1 (Definitions) under “Terms and Conditions” below or are defined elsewhere in this Offering Circular. An index of defined terms appears at the back of this Offering Circular. References to a “Condition” are to the specified Condition in the “Terms and Conditions” below and references to “Conditions” are to the “Terms and Conditions” below. For a discussion of certain risk factors to be considered in connection with an investment in the Notes, see “Risk Factors”.
Issuer Sculptor European CLO VII DAC, a designated activity company
limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Ireland.
Collateral ManagerSculptor Europe Loan Management Limited.
Trustee BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited.
Initial PurchaserBarclays Bank PLC.
Collateral AdministratorThe Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch.
Notes


Class of Notes



Principal Amount


Initial Stated Interest Rate1



Stated Interest Rate2



S&P Ratings of at least3



Moody’s Ratings of at least3



Maturity Date



Issue Price4

A


€186,000,000


3 month


6 month


“AAA(sf)”


“Aaa(sf)”


15 January


100.00%





EURIBOR +


EURIBOR






2034







1.10%


+ 1.10%









B-1


€11,200,000


3 month


6 month


“AA(sf)”


“Aa2(sf)”


15 January


100.00%





EURIBOR +


EURIBOR






2034







1.80%


+ 1.80%









B-2


€12,400,000


2.10% per


2.10% per


“AA(sf)”


“Aa2(sf)”


15 January


100.00%





annum


annum






2034



C


€18,900,000


3 month


6 month


“A(sf)”


“A2(sf)”


15 January


100.00%





EURIBOR +


EURIBOR






2034







3.00%


+ 3.00%









D


€20,500,000


3 month


6 month


“BBB-(sf)”


“Baa3(sf)”


15 January


100.00%





EURIBOR +


EURIBOR






2034







4.50%


+ 4.50%









E


€18,600,000


3 month


6 month


“BB-(sf)”


“Ba3(sf)”


15 January


96.00%





EURIBOR +


EURIBOR






2034







6.82%


+ 6.82%









F


€5,100,000


3 month


6 month


“B-(sf)”


“B3(sf)”


15 January


93.00%





EURIBOR +


EURIBOR






2034




Z



€15,000,000


8.38%
N/A5


+ 8.38%
N/A5



Not Rated



Not Rated



15 January



0.01%













2034



Subordinated


€28,050,000


N/A


N/A


Not Rated


Not Rated


15 January


100.00%

Notes












2034





1 Applicable to each three month Accrual Period, provided that the rate of interest of the Floating Rate Notes will be determined for the period from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the first Payment Date, by reference to a straight line interpolation of 6 month EURIBOR and 12 month EURIBOR. EURIBOR shall be subject to a floor of zero.
2 Applicable at all times following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, provided that the rate of interest of the Floating Rate Notes of each Class for the period from, and including, the final Payment Date before the Maturity Date to, but excluding, the Maturity Date will, if such first mentioned Payment Date falls in October 2033, be determined by reference to three month EURIBOR. EURIBOR shall be subject to a floor of zero.
3 The ratings assigned to the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes by S&P address the timely payment of interest and the ultimate payment of principal. The ratings assigned to the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes and Class F Notes by S&P address the ultimate payment of principal and interest. The ratings assigned to the Rated Notes by Moody’s address the expected loss posed to investors by the legal final maturity on the Maturity Date. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the applicable Rating Agency. S&P is established in the EU and Moody’s is established in the UK. As at the date of this Offering Circular, each of the Rating Agencies is
registered under the CRA Regulation and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.
4 The Initial Purchaser and the Issuer may offer the Notes at prices as may be negotiated at the time of sale, which may vary among different purchasers and may be different from the issue price of the Notes.
5 The Class Z Noteholders will be entitled to the Class Z Noteholder Amount on each Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments on an available funds basis.
Eligible Purchasers The Notes of each Class will be offered:
(a) to non-“U.S. Persons” in an “offshore transaction”, as such terms are defined in, and in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act; and
(b) to U.S. Persons who are QIB/QPs in reliance on Rule 144A.
Distributions on the Notes

Payment DatesInterest on the Notes will be payable:
(a) following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event on
(A) 15 January and 15 July of each year (where the Payment Date immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Frequency Switch Event falls in either January or July of any year), or (B) 15 April and 15 October of each year (where the Payment Date immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Frequency Switch Event falls in either April or October of any year); and
(b) 15 January, 15 April, 15 July and 15 October of each year at all other times,
commencing on 15 July 2021 and ending on the Maturity Date (subject to any earlier redemption of the Notes and in each case to adjustment for non-Business Days in accordance with the Conditions).
The Issuer and the Collateral Manager may (and shall if so directed by the Subordinated Noteholders acting by way of an Ordinary Resolution) designate a date other than a Scheduled Payment Date as a Payment Date provided that, inter alia, it falls on a Business Day falling on or after the redemption in full of all Classes of Rated Notes (see Condition 3(n) (Unscheduled Payment Dates)).
Frequency Switch Event ............................The occurrence on any Frequency Switch Measurement Date of
either:
(a) (i) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations that reset so as to become Semi-Annual Obligations in the previous Due Period (or where such Due Period is the first Due Period, in the last three months of such Due Period), being greater than or equal to 20 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount; and
(ii) the Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio being less than
100.00 per cent. (and provided that for such purpose, paragraphs (b) and (f) of the definition of Interest Coverage Amount shall be deemed to be equal to zero); or
(b) the Collateral Manager declaring in its sole discretion that a Frequency Switch Event shall have occurred, as further described in Condition 1 (Definitions).
Stated Interest Rate .................................... Interest in respect of the Notes of each Class will be payable
semi-annually in arrear in respect of each six month Accrual Period and quarterly in arrear in respect of each three month Accrual Period, in each case on each Payment Date (with the first Payment Date occurring in July 2021) in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments.
Interest shall be payable on the Subordinated Notes on each Payment Date to the extent funds are available in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
Class Z Noteholder AmountOn each Payment Date in respect of the immediately preceding Due
Period thereto, an amount determined by the Collateral Administrator equal (exclusive of any VAT payable in relation thereto) to 0.30 per cent. per annum of the Fee Basis Amount (calculated by the Collateral Administrator on the basis of a 360 day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such Due Period).
Non Payment and Deferral of InterestFailure on the part of the Issuer to pay the Interest Amounts due and
payable on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes pursuant to Condition 6 (Interest) and the Priorities of Payment shall not be a Note Event of Default unless and until such failure continues for a period of at least five Business Days save in the case of administrative error or omission only (including on any Redemption Date in respect of a Rated Note), where such failure continues for a period of at least ten Business Days, and in any event no Note Event of Default shall arise as the result of any deduction therefrom or the imposition of any withholding tax thereon as set out in Condition 9 (Taxation).
Interest payments (in an amount equal to the Class Z Noteholder Amount) on the Class Z Notes shall only be made in accordance with Condition 6(a)(ii) (Class Z Notes) to the extent that Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds are available to pay the Class Z Noteholder Amount subject to and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. Non-payment of such interest amounts on the Class Z Notes as a result of the insufficiency of available Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds will not constitute an Event of Default (see Condition 6(b)(ii) (Class Z Notes)).
Failure on the part of the Issuer to pay Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes or Class F Notes pursuant to Condition 6 (Interest) and the Priorities of Payment will not constitute a Note Event of Default. To the extent that interest payments on the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes or Class F Notes are not made on the relevant Payment Date, an amount equal to such unpaid interest will be added to the principal amount of the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes and Class F Notes (as applicable), and from the date such unpaid interest is added to the applicable Principal Amount Outstanding of the relevant Class of Notes, such unpaid amount will accrue interest at the rate of interest applicable to the relevant Class of Notes. See Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest).
Non-payment of amounts due and payable on the Subordinated Notes as a result of the insufficiency of available Interest Proceeds will not constitute a Note Event of Default.
Redemption of the Notes ...........................Principal payments on the Notes may be made in the following
circumstances:
(a) on the Maturity Date (see Condition 7(a) (Final Redemption));
(b) in whole (with respect to all Classes of Rated Notes) but not in part on any Business Day following the expiry of the Non-Call Period (x) by way of a Refinancing, at the option of (i) the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) subject to the consent of the Collateral Manager or
(ii) the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution), and (y) solely through the liquidation or realisation of the Portfolio, at the option of (i) the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) or
(ii) the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) (see Condition 7(b)(i) (Optional Redemption in Whole – Subordinated Noteholders / Collateral Manager);
(c) in part by the redemption in whole of one or more Classes of Rated Notes by the Issuer at the applicable Redemption Prices, from Refinancing Proceeds (in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing)) on any Business Day falling on or after the expiry of the Non-Call Period (A) at the direction of both the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) and the Collateral Manager, or (B) at the written direction of the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) (see Condition 7(b)(ii) (Optional Redemption in Part – Subordinated Noteholders / Collateral Manager);
(d) in whole (with respect to all Classes of Rated Notes) but not in part on any Business Day following the occurrence of a Collateral Tax Event at the option of (i) the Subordinated Noteholders acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution, with the consent of the Collateral Manager; or (ii) the Collateral Manager (see Condition 7(b)(iii) (Optional Redemption upon the occurrence of a Collateral Tax Event);
(e) in whole (with respect to all Classes of Rated Notes) but not in part from Sale Proceeds on any Business Day following the expiry of the Non-Call Period if, upon or at any time following the expiry of the Non-Call Period, the Collateral Principal Amount is less than 20 per cent. of the Target Par Amount, and such redemption is directed in writing by the Collateral Manager (see Condition 7(b)(iv) (Optional Redemption in Whole – Clean-up Call);
(f) the Subordinated Notes may be redeemed in whole at the direction of the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution), or the Collateral Manager, on any Business Day on or following the redemption or repayment in full of all Classes of Rated Notes (see Condition 7(b)(v) (Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes);
(g) on any Payment Date following a Determination Date on which a Coverage Test is not satisfied (to the extent such test is required to be satisfied on such Determination Date) (see Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption upon Breach of Coverage Tests));
(h) on any Payment Date during the Reinvestment Period at the discretion of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer), following written certification by the Collateral Manager to the Trustee (on which the Trustee may rely without enquiry or liability) that, using commercially reasonable endeavours, it (A) has been unable, for a period of at least 20 consecutive Business Days, to identify additional Collateral Obligations or Substitute Collateral Obligations that are deemed appropriate by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion in sufficient amounts to permit the investment of all or a portion of the funds then available for reinvestment or (B) at any time after the Effective Date, has determined, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a redemption is required in order to avoid a Rating Event, the Collateral Manager may elect, in its sole discretion, to designate all or a portion of those funds as a Special Redemption Amount (see Condition 7(d) (Special Redemption));
(i) if, as at the Business Day prior to the Payment Date following the Effective Date, an Effective Date Rating Event has occurred and is continuing, either (x) the Issuer, at the direction of the Collateral Manager, shall purchase additional Collateral Obligations until an Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing, provided that such purchase shall occur on or prior to the Determination Date prior to the second Payment Date or
(y) the Rated Notes shall be redeemed in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence on such Payment Date and thereafter on each subsequent Payment Date (to the extent required) out of Interest Proceeds and thereafter out of Principal Proceeds subject to the Priorities of Payment, in each case until the Rated Notes are redeemed in full or, if earlier, until such Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing (see Condition 7(e) (Redemption upon Effective Date Rating Event));
(j) after the Reinvestment Period, on each Payment Date out of Principal Proceeds transferred to the Payment Account immediately prior to the related Payment Date (see Condition 7(f) (Redemption Following Expiry of the Reinvestment Period));
(k) in whole (with respect to all Classes of Rated Notes) on any Business Day at the option of (i) the Controlling Class or (ii) the holders of the Subordinated Notes (in each case acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution), or (iii) the Collateral Manager, following the occurrence of a Note Tax Event (at their applicable Redemption Prices, subject to the right of the holders of 100 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of any Class of Rated Notes to elect to receive less than 100 per cent. of the Redemption Price that would otherwise be payable to the holders of such Class of Rated Notes), subject to (x) the Issuer having failed to change the territory in which it is resident
for tax purposes and (y) certain minimum time periods. See Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event);
(l) on any Payment Date during the Reinvestment Period to cure a failure of the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test, at the option of the Collateral Manager (see Condition 7(h) (Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test));
(m) at any time following an acceleration of the Notes after the occurrence of a Note Event of Default which is continuing and has not been cured or waived (See Condition 10 (Events of Default));
(n) in part (with respect to all Classes of Notes) on any Business Day at the written direction of the Collateral Manager in order for the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder and/or any “sponsor” or “originator” (or analogous party) of the Issuer (in each case, as applicable) to comply with the EU Retention Requirements and/or the U.S. Retention Regulations (if applicable) (see Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing); and
(o) the Class Z Notes shall be redeemed for a redemption price equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class Z Notes multiplied by the issue price thereof on the date on which all of the Collateral securing the Notes has been realised and has been finally distributed to the Noteholders (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in payment of all due and unpaid Class Z Noteholder Amounts and Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts) and each other party entitled thereto in each case subject to and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment (see Condition 7(m) (Mandatory Redemption of the Class Z Notes)).
Non-Call Period ......................................... During the period from the Issue Date up to, but excluding, 11
December 2021 or, if such day is not a Business Day, then the next succeeding Business Day (unless it would fall in the following month, in which case it shall be moved to the immediately preceding Business Day) (the “Non-Call Period”), the Notes are not subject to Optional Redemption (save for upon a Collateral Tax Event, a Note Tax Event or a Special Redemption). See Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption), Condition 7(d) (Special Redemption) and Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event).
Redemption PricesThe Redemption Price of each Class of Rated Notes will be (a) 100
per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes to be redeemed (including, in the case of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes, any accrued and unpaid Deferred Interest on such Notes) plus (b) accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the day of redemption.
The Redemption Price for each Subordinated Note will be such Subordinated Note’s pro rata share (calculated in accordance with paragraph (DD) of the Interest Priority of Payments, paragraph (U) of the Principal Priority of Payments or paragraph (W) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments (as applicable)) of the aggregate proceeds of liquidation of the Collateral, or realisation of the security thereover in such circumstances, remaining following application thereof in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
In the case of an Optional Redemption of the Rated Notes in whole, the holders of 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Class of Rated Notes may elect to receive less than 100 per cent. of the Redemption Price that would otherwise be payable to the holders of such Class of Rated Notes exercisable in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vi)(B) (Terms and Conditions of an Optional Redemption).
Priorities of Payment ................................. Prior to the delivery of an Acceleration Notice (deemed or
otherwise) in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration) or following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice (deemed or otherwise) which has subsequently been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Curing of Default), and other than in connection with an Optional Redemption in whole pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or in connection with a redemption in whole pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event), Interest Proceeds will be applied in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments and Principal Proceeds will be applied in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments. Upon any redemption in whole of the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) or following the delivery of an Acceleration Notice (deemed or otherwise) in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration) which has not been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Curing of Default), Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds will be applied in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, in each case as described in the Conditions.
Refinancing Proceeds and Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds will be applied in accordance with the Partial Redemption Priority of Payments on any Partial Redemption Date that is not a Payment Date. See Condition 3(c)(iii) (Application of Refinancing Proceeds, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds and Designated Excess Par).
Collateral Management Fees
Senior Management Fee0.20 per cent. per annum of the Fee Basis Amount. See “Description
of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement — Compensation of the Collateral Manager”.
Class Z Notes............................................. As consideration for its collateral management services the
Collateral Manager shall be entitled to subscribe for a portion of the Class Z Notes on the Issue Date at their stated issue price. See “Description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement — Compensation of the Collateral Manager”.
Incentive Collateral Management FeeThe Collateral Manager will be entitled to an Incentive Collateral
Management Fee on each Payment Date on which the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold has been met or surpassed, equal to 20 per cent. of any Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds that would otherwise be available to distribute to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. See “Description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement — Compensation of the Collateral Manager”.
Security for the Notes

General The Notes will be secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of
the Secured Parties by security over, inter alia, a portfolio of Collateral Obligations. The Notes will also be secured by an assignment by way of security of various of the Issuer’s other rights, including its rights under certain of the agreements described herein but excluding its rights in respect of the Issuer Profit Account and the Corporate Services Agreement. See Condition 4 (Security).
Hedge ArrangementsSubject to the satisfaction of the Hedging Condition, the Issuer, or
the Collateral Manager on its behalf, may purchase Non-Euro Obligations provided that such obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Currency and a Currency Hedge Transaction is entered into in respect of each such Non-Euro Obligation with a Currency Hedge Counterparty satisfying the applicable Rating Requirement under which the currency risk is reduced or eliminated:
(a) within 180 calendar days of the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation if such obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency; or
(b) no later than the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation if such obligation is not denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency.
The Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) is also authorised to enter into spot exchange transactions, as necessary, to fund the Issuer’s payment obligations under any Currency Hedge Transaction.
The Issuer will obtain Rating Agency Confirmation prior to entering into any hedging arrangements after the Issue Date unless it is a Form Approved Hedge. See “Hedging Arrangements”.
Collateral Manager .................................... Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration
Agreement, the Collateral Manager is required to act as the Issuer’s collateral manager with respect to the Portfolio, to act in specific circumstances in relation to the Portfolio on behalf of the Issuer and to carry out the duties and functions described therein. Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Issuer delegates authority to the Collateral Manager to carry out certain functions in relation to the Portfolio and any Hedge Transactions. See “Description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement” and “The Portfolio”.
Purchase and Sale of Collateral Obligations

Initial PortfolioThe Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) has purchased a
portfolio of Collateral Obligations prior to the Issue Date pursuant to the Warehouse Arrangements.
Initial Investment PeriodDuring the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding
the earlier of:
(a) the date designated for such purpose by the Collateral Manager, subject to the Effective Date Determination Requirements having been satisfied; and
(b) 30 June 2021 (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day), (such earlier date, the “Effective Date” and such period, the “Initial Investment Period”),
the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) intends to use reasonable endeavours to purchase the Portfolio of Collateral Obligations, subject to the Eligibility Criteria and certain other restrictions.
Sale of Collateral ObligationsSubject to the limits described in the Collateral Management and
Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, may dispose of any Collateral Obligation during and after the Reinvestment Period. See “The Portfolio – Management of the Portfolio – Discretionary Sales” and “The Portfolio – Management of the Portfolio – Terms and Conditions applicable to the Sale of Credit Risk Obligations, Credit Improved Obligations, Defaulted Obligations and Exchanged Securities”.
Reinvestment in Collateral Obligations Subject to the limits described in the Collateral Management and
Administration Agreement and Principal Proceeds being available for such purpose, the Collateral Manager shall, on behalf of the Issuer, use reasonable endeavours to purchase Substitute Collateral Obligations meeting the Eligibility Criteria and the Reinvestment Criteria during the Reinvestment Period.
Following the expiry of the Reinvestment Period, only Sale Proceeds from the sale of Credit Risk Obligations, Credit Improved Obligations and Unscheduled Principal Proceeds received after the Reinvestment Period may, but are not required to, be reinvested by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer, in Substitute Collateral Obligations meeting the Eligibility Criteria and Reinvestment Criteria and subject to certain other restrictions. See “The Portfolio — Management of the Portfolio”.
Eligibility CriteriaIn order to qualify as a Collateral Obligation, an obligation must
satisfy certain specified Eligibility Criteria. Each obligation shall only be required to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at the time the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer) enters into a binding commitment to purchase such obligation save for (A) an Issue Date Collateral Obligation which must also satisfy the Eligibility Criteria on the Issue Date and (B) a Loss Mitigation Loan which shall not be required to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at the time the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer) enters into a binding commitment to purchase such obligation, but will only be designated as a Collateral Obligation by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the terms specified in the definition of “Loss Mitigation Loan”. See “The Portfolio — Eligibility Criteria”.
Restructured Obligations ........................... In order for a Collateral Obligation which is the subject of a
restructuring to qualify as a Restructured Obligation, such Collateral Obligation must satisfy the Restructured Obligation Criteria as at the applicable Restructuring Date. See “The Portfolio – Restructured Obligations”.
Collateral Quality TestsThe Collateral Quality Tests will comprise the following:
For so long as any of the Rated Notes are rated by S&P and are Outstanding (as of the Effective Date and until the expiry of the Reinvestment Period only), the S&P CDO Monitor Test.
For so long as any of the Notes are rated by Moody’s and are Outstanding:
(a) the Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test;
(b) the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test;
(c) the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Recovery Rate Test; and
(d) the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test.
For so long as any of the Rated Notes are Outstanding, the Weighted Average Life Test.
Portfolio Profile Tests In summary, the Portfolio Profile Tests will consist of each of the
following (the percentage requirements applicable to different types of Collateral Obligations (which for the avoidance of doubt shall exclude Defaulted Obligations) specified in the Portfolio Profile Tests and summarily displayed in the table below, shall be determined by reference to the Collateral Principal Amount):
(a) Secured Senior Obligations in aggregate (comprising of the aggregate of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Secured Senior Obligations and the Balances standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account)
(b) Unsecured Senior Obligations, Second Lien Loans, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds in aggregate
(c) Second Lien Loans and Mezzanine Obligations in aggregate
(d) Secured Senior Loans in aggregate (comprising of the aggregate of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Secured Senior Loans and the Balances standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account)
(e) Collateral Obligations of a single Obligor
MinimumMaximum

92.5% N/A
N/A 7.5%
N/A 5.0%
70.0 % N/A
N/A 2.5%, provided that the obligations of up to three Obligors may represent
up to 3.0% each

Minimum


Maximum

(f)

Collateral Obligations of a




1.5%


single Obligor (in the case






of Collateral Obligations






which are not Secured






Senior Obligations)





(g)

Currency Hedge


N/A


20.0%


Obligations





(h)

Unhedged Collateral


N/A


2.5%


Obligations and Principal






Hedged Obligations





(i)

Cov-Lite Loans


N/A


25.0%

(j)

Participations




5.0%

(k)

Current Pay Obligations


N/A


2.5%

(l)

Revolving Obligations or


N/A


10.0%


Unfunded Amounts under






Delayed Drawdown






Collateral Obligations





(m)

S&P CCC Obligations


N/A


7.5%

(n)

Moody’s Caa Obligations




7.5%

(o)

Bridge Loans


N/A


5.0%

(p)

Corporate Rescue Loans


N/A


5.0%

(q)

PIK Obligations


N/A


5.0%

(r)

Fixed Rate Collateral


N/A


10.0%


Obligations





(s)

Moody’s Rating derived


N/A


10.0%


from an S&P Rating





(t)

S&P Industry


N/A


12.0% provided that any


Classification




four S&P Industry






Classifications may each






comprise up to 15.0 per






cent. and any one S&P






Industry Classification






may comprise up to






17.5%.

(u)

Domicile of Obligors 1 –


N/A


10.0% Domiciled in


Moody’s




countries or jurisdictions






with a Moody’s local






currency risk ceiling






below “Aa3” unless






Rating Agency






confirmation from






Moody’s is obtained

(v)

Domicile of Obligors 2 –


N/A


5.0% Domiciled in


Moody’s




countries or jurisdictions






with a Moody’s local






currency risk ceiling






below “A3” unless Rating






Agency confirmation






from Moody’s is obtained

(w)

Domicile of Obligors 3 –


N/A


0.0% Domiciled in


Moody’s




countries or jurisdictions






with a Moody’s local






currency risk ceiling






below “Baa3” unless






Rating Agency






confirmation from






Moody’s is obtained

(x)

Bivariate Risk Table


N/A


See limits set out in “The






Portfolio – Management






of the Portfolio –






Bivariate Risk Table”



(y) Indebtedness of Obligors with total potential indebtedness (comprising all financial debt owing by each Obligor, including the maximum available amount or total commitment under any revolving or delayed draw loans) of an amount greater than or equal to
€150,000,000 and less than €250,000,000
(z) Distressed Exchange Obligations
(aa) Loans originated by the Collateral Manager or an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager
MinimumMaximum

N/A 5.0%
N/A 2.5%
N/A 20.0% provided that (i) loans that are syndicated to an initial lender group of greater than five and
(ii) senior tranches of loans not originated by the Collateral Manager
where mezzanine tranches of the loans were originated by the Collateral Manager shall in either case not be counted as originated by the Collateral Manager
(bb) Discount ObligationsN/A 25.0%
(cc) Credit Estimate Obligations or Collateral Obligations where S&P Rating and Moody’s Rating is based on a private rating at the time of acquisition
(dd) Domicile of Obligors – S&P
N/A15.0%
N/A 10.0% Domiciled in countries or jurisdictions with an S&P rating below
“A-” by S&P unless Rating Agency Confirmation from S&P is obtained
Loss Mitigation Loans and Extended
(ee) Annual ObligationsN/A 5.0%
Loss Mitigation LoansThe purchase of any Loss Mitigation Loan will not be required to
satisfy any of the Eligibility Criteria and the acquisition of Loss Mitigation Loans will not be subject to the Reinvestment Criteria but shall be required to satisfy the following limitations at the time of entering into a binding commitment to acquire a Loss Mitigation Loan:
(a) the aggregate outstanding principal balance (or where an asset is not a debt obligation, the nominal value of such asset as determined by the Collateral Manager, acting reasonably) of Loss Mitigation Loans shall not exceed 2.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount, provided that from and including the date falling one calendar year from the Issue Date, such percentage
limitation shall increase by an additional 0.25 per cent. every three months;
(b) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of Extended Loss Mitigation Loans shall not exceed 2.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount;
(c) the cumulative aggregate outstanding principal balance (or where an asset is not a debt obligation, the nominal value of such asset as determined by the Collateral Manager, acting reasonably) of all Loss Mitigation Loans acquired by the Issuer on or after the Issue Date with Principal Proceeds (whether or not such Loss Mitigation Loans are still held by the Issuer) shall not exceed 3.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount; and
(d) the cumulative aggregate outstanding principal balance (or where an asset is not a debt obligation, the nominal value of such asset as determined by the Collateral Manager, acting reasonably) of all Loss Mitigation Loans acquired by the Issuer on or after the Issue Date with Principal Proceeds and/or Interest Proceeds (whether or not such Loss Mitigation Loans are still held by the Issuer) shall not exceed 10.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount.
Coverage TestsEach of the Par Value Tests and Interest Coverage Tests shall be
satisfied on a Measurement Date in the case of (i) the Par Value Tests, on and after the Effective Date, and (ii) the Interest Coverage Tests, on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date, if the corresponding Par Value Ratio or Interest Coverage Ratio (as the case may be) is at least equal to the percentage specified in the table below in relation to that Coverage Test.
Class
‎Required Par Value Ratio

A/B 134.13%
C 124.29%
D 114.23%
E 106.11%
F 104.26%
Class
‎Required Interest Coverage Ratio



Reinvestment Overcollateralisation
‎
A/B 120.00%
C 110.00%
D 105.00%
Test On and after the Effective Date and during the Reinvestment Period
only, if the Class F Par Value Ratio is less than 104.51 per cent., on the relevant Determination Date, Interest Proceeds shall be applied in an amount (such amount, the “Required Diversion Amount”) equal to the lesser of (1) 50 per cent. of all remaining Interest Proceeds available for payment pursuant to paragraph (W) of the Interest Priority of Payments and (2) the amount which, after giving effect to the payment of all amounts payable in respect of paragraphs (A) through (V) (inclusive) of the Interest Priority of Payments, would be sufficient to cause the Reinvestment
CM Voting Notes, CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and CM
‎Overcollateralisation Test to be met as of the relevant Determination Date, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer), (i) to the payment into the Principal Account as Principal Proceeds to purchase additional Collateral Obligations or (ii) to payment of the Rated Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence.
Obligations in respect of which the Issuer or the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, has entered into a binding commitment to purchase, but which have not yet settled, shall be included as Collateral Obligations in the calculation of the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Collateral Quality Tests, the Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test at any time as if such purchase had been completed. Obligations in respect of which the Issuer or the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, has entered into a binding commitment to sell, but which have not yet settled, shall not be included as Collateral Obligations in the calculation of the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Collateral Quality Tests, the Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test at any time as if such sale had been completed.
Non-Voting NotesEach of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and
the Class D Notes may be in the form of a CM Voting Note, a CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Note or a CM Non-Voting Note.
CM Voting Notes shall carry a right to vote in respect of, and be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on, any CM Replacement Resolution and any CM Removal Resolution.
CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and CM Non-Voting Notes shall not carry any rights in respect of, or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on, any CM Removal Resolution or any CM Replacement Resolution but shall carry a right to vote on and be counted in respect of all other matters in respect of which the CM Voting Notes have a right to vote and be counted.
Any Notes held by (i) Collateral Manager Related Persons shall not carry any rights in respect of, or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on, any CM Removal Resolution; and (ii) the Collateral Manager shall not carry any rights in respect of, or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on, any CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution.
CM Voting Notes shall be exchangeable at any time upon request by the relevant Noteholder into CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes or CM Non-Voting Notes. CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes shall be exchangeable (a) upon request by the relevant Noteholder at any time into CM Non-Voting Notes or (b) into CM Voting Notes only in connection with the transfer of such Notes to an entity that is not an Affiliate of the transferor upon request of the relevant transferee or transferor and in no other circumstance. CM Non-Voting Notes shall not be exchangeable at any time into CM Voting Notes or CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes.
The Initial Purchaser has undertaken in the Subscription Agreement that neither it nor any of its Affiliates and/or officers, directors or employees shall exercise any voting rights in respect to any vote (or written direction or consent) in connection with any CM Removal Resolution or any CM Replacement Resolution in respect of its holding of the Notes.
The Class Z Notes shall not carry any rights to vote or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum, and the result of any votes, in respect of any CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution.
Authorised DenominationsThe Regulation S Notes of each Class will be issued in minimum
denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of (i) in respect of the Class Z Notes only, €1.00; and (ii) in respect of each other Class of Notes, €1,000 in excess thereof.
The Rule 144A Notes of each Class will be issued in minimum denominations of €250,000 and integral multiples of (i) in respect of the Class Z Notes only, €1.00; and (ii) in respect of each other Class of Notes, €1,000 in excess thereof.
Form, Registration and
Transfer of the Notes.............................. The Regulation S Notes of each Class (other than, in certain
circumstances, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes, as described below) will be represented on issue by beneficial interests in one or more Regulation S Global Certificates in fully registered form, without interest coupons or principal receipts, which will be deposited on or about the Issue Date with, and registered in the name of, a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Certificate may at any time be held only through, and transfers thereof will only be effected through, records maintained by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. See “Form of the Notes” and “Book Entry Clearance Procedures”. Interests in any Regulation S Note may not at any time be held by any U.S. Person or U.S. Resident.
The Rule 144A Notes of each Class (other than, in certain circumstances, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes, as described below) will be represented on issue by one or more Rule 144A Global Certificates in fully registered form, without interest coupons or principal receipts deposited with, and registered in the name of, a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate may at any time only be held through, and transfers thereof will only be effected through, records maintained by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.
The Rule 144A Global Certificates and the Regulation S Global Certificates will bear a legend and such Rule 144A Global Certificates and Regulation S Global Certificates, or any interest therein, may not be transferred except in compliance with the transfer restrictions set out in such legend. See “Transfer Restrictions”.
No beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate may be transferred to a person who takes delivery thereof through a Regulation S Global Certificate unless the transferor provides the Transfer Agent with a written certification substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed regarding compliance with certain of such transfer restrictions. Any transfer of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate to a person who takes delivery through an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate is also subject to certification requirements substantially in the form set out in the Trust Deed and each purchaser thereof shall be deemed to represent that such purchaser is a QIB/QP. In addition, interests in any of the Regulation S Notes may not at any time be held by any U.S. Person or U.S. Resident. See “Form of the Notes” and “Book Entry Clearance Procedures”.
Except in the limited circumstances described herein, Notes in definitive, certificated, fully registered form (“Definitive Certificates”) will not be issued in exchange for beneficial interests in either the Regulation S Global Certificates or the Rule 144A Global Certificates, provided that an initial purchaser and a transferee of Class Z Notes may hold their interest therein by way of a Definitive Certificate. See “Form of the Notes – Exchange for Definitive Certificates”.
Each initial investor and each transferee of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note (or any interest therein) (save as provided below) shall be deemed to represent and each initial purchaser or transferee of a Class Z Note in the form of a Definitive Certificate will be required to represent (among other things) that it is not (and for so long as it holds such Notes or an interest therein will not be) a Controlling Person, a Benefit Plan Investor or acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor. However, an investor that is a Controlling Person, a Benefit Plan Investor or acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor may acquire such Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note (or any interest therein) in the form of a Definitive Certificate (or, on the Issue Date only, in the form of a Global Certificate) if such investor:
(i) receives the written consent of the Issuer; and (ii) provides an ERISA Certificate to the Issuer as to its status as a Benefit Plan Investor or Controlling Person (substantially in the form of Annex C (Form of ERISA Certificate) hereto). No proposed purchase or transfer of Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes (or interests therein), in any form, will be permitted or recognised if a purchase or transfer to a transferee will cause 25 per cent. or more of the total value of the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes (determined separately by class) to be held by Benefit Plan Investors, disregarding Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes (or interests therein) held by Controlling Persons, as determined under ERISA and applicable U.S. Department of Labor regulations. See “Certain ERISA Considerations”.
Transfers of interests in the Notes are subject to certain restrictions and must be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Trust Deed. See “Form of the Notes”, “Book Entry Clearance Procedures” and “Transfer Restrictions”. Each purchaser of Notes in making its purchase will be required to make, or will be deemed
to have made, certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements. See “Transfer Restrictions”. The transfer of Notes in breach of certain of such representations and agreements will result in affected Notes becoming subject to certain forced transfer provisions. See Condition 2(h) (Forced Transfer of Rule 144A Notes), Condition 2(i) (Forced Transfer pursuant to ERISA) and Condition 2(j) (Forced Transfer pursuant to FATCA).
Governing Law .......................................... The Notes, the Trust Deed, the Collateral Management and
Administration Agreement, the Agency Agreement and all other Transaction Documents (save for the Corporate Services Agreement, which is governed by the laws of Ireland) will be governed by English law.
Listing Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be
admitted to the Official List and trading on its Global Exchange Market. There can be no assurance that such listing will be maintained. See “General Information”.
Tax StatusSee “Tax Considerations”.
Certain ERISA ConsiderationsSee “Certain ERISA Considerations”.
Withholding TaxNo gross-up of any payments will be payable to the Noteholders. See
Condition 9 (Taxation).
Additional IssuancesSubject to certain conditions being met (including the prior written
approval of the Retention Holder), additional Notes of all existing Classes (including the Subordinated Notes but excluding the Class Z Notes) may be issued and sold. See Condition 17 (Additional Issuances).
Securitisation RegulationThe Retention Notes will be purchased by the Retention Holder, as
an “originator”, from the Issuer on the Issue Date and, pursuant to the Retention Undertaking Letter, the Retention Holder will undertake to retain the Retention Notes, with the intention of complying with the EU Retention Requirements. See “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements” and “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Risk Retention and Transparency Requirements”. The Retention Holder intends to enter into financing arrangements in respect of the Retention Notes. See “Risk Factors – Relating to the Collateral – Retention Financing”.
In addition, in relation to the reporting obligations in the EU Transparency Requirements:
(a) the Issuer will be designated as the entity responsible to fulfil such reporting obligations;
(b) the Collateral Manager will undertake to use its reasonable endeavours to provide to the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer (and any applicable third party reporting entity) any reports, data and other information (or access to such information):
(i) which is in the possession of the Collateral Manager;
(ii) which is not subject to legal or contractual restrictions on its disclosure (unless the relevant information can be
summarised or disclosed in an anonymised form, as appropriate);
(iii) to which the Collateral Administrator does not otherwise have access in the ordinary course of its collateral administration duties, which is not already required to be provided to the Issuer directly or which is not otherwise in the Issuer’s possession (in each case, as applicable); and
(iv) which is required by the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer in connection with the proper performance by the Issuer, as the reporting entity, of its obligation to make available to the Noteholders, potential investors in the Notes and the competent authorities the reports and information necessary for the Issuer to fulfil the reporting requirements of the EU Transparency Requirements;
(c) the Issuer, in consultation with the Collateral Manager, shall procure the compilation of each of the Loan Reports and Investor Reports (each as defined in the Conditions), in each case in the form required by and in accordance with the frequency requirements set out in the EU Transparency Requirements; and
(d) the Collateral Administrator shall make such Loan Reports and Investor Reports, together with any other information, data and reports (in each case as provided to it and instructed by the Collateral Manager and the Issuer) available to the Relevant Recipients via the Reporting Website or such other method of dissemination as is required by the Securitisation Regulation (as notified to the Collateral Administrator by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and as agreed with the Collateral Administrator) as provided to it.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Administrator shall not assume any responsibility for the Issuer’s obligations as the entity responsible for fulfilling the reporting obligations under the EU Transparency Requirements. In making available such information, documents and reporting, the Collateral Administrator also assumes no responsibility or liability to any third party, including the Noteholders and potential Noteholders (including for their use and/or onward disclosure of such information, documents and reporting), and shall have the benefit of the powers, protections and indemnities granted to it under the Transaction Documents.
The Issuer shall (with assistance from the Collateral Manager, to the extent reasonably required) notify the Central Bank of Ireland of the transaction described in the Transaction Documents no later than 15 Business Days after the date hereof, which notification shall comply with the Central Bank of Ireland’s guidance in relation to the Irish STS Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be the entity responsible for submitting the notification to the Central Bank of Ireland.
Diagrammatic Overview of the Transaction1





Fees
‎Security3 Fees
Fees 
‎Notes
Subscription proceeds
Interest and
principal payments on Payment Dates
Transfers on Business Day prior to each Payment Date
Contracted obligationsShare ownership Cashflows 
1 This diagram presents a simplified version of the on-going and Issue Date cashflows. See Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts) for further
detail.
2 The entire issued share capital of the Issuer is beneficially owned by TMF Management (Ireland) Limited as the share trustee under the terms of a declaration of trust. See “The Issuer – General” below.
3 The Notes will be secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties by security over substantially all of the Issuer’s assets (including the Collateral Obligations). See Condition 4(a) (Security) below.
RISK FACTORS
An investment in the Notes of any Class involves certain risks, including risks relating to the Collateral securing such Notes and risks relating to the structure and rights of such Notes and the related arrangements. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will not incur losses or that investors will receive a return on their investments. Prospective investors should carefully consider the following factors, in addition to the matters set forth elsewhere in this Offering Circular, prior to investing in any Notes. Terms not defined in this section and not otherwise defined above have the meanings set out in Condition 1 (Definitions) of the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.

1. GENERAL
1.1 General
It is intended that the Issuer will invest in Collateral Obligations and other financial assets with certain risk characteristics as described below and subject to the investment policies, restrictions and guidelines described in “The Portfolio”. There can be no assurance that the Issuer’s investments will be successful, that its investment objectives will be achieved, that the Noteholders will receive the full amounts payable by the Issuer under the Notes or that they will receive any return on their investment in the Notes. Prospective investors are therefore advised to review this entire Offering Circular carefully and should consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this section before deciding whether to invest in the Notes. Except as is otherwise stated below, such risk factors are generally applicable to all Classes of Notes, although the degree of risk associated with each Class of Notes will vary in accordance with the position of such Class of Notes in the Priorities of Payment. See Condition 3(c) (Priorities of Payment). In particular (i) payments in respect of the Class A Notes are generally higher in the Priorities of Payment than those of the Class B-1 Notes, the Class B-2 Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; (ii) payments in respect of the Class B Notes are generally higher in the Priorities of Payment than those of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; (iii) payments in respect of the Class C Notes are generally higher in the Priorities of Payment than those of the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; (iv) payments in respect of the Class D Notes are generally higher in the Priorities of Payment than those of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; (v) payments in respect of the Class E Notes are generally higher in the Priorities of Payment than those of the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; (vi) payments in respect of the Class F Notes are generally higher in the Priorities of Payment than those of the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; and (vii) payments in respect of the Class Z Notes are generally higher in the Priorities of Payment than those of the Subordinated Notes. None of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, or the Trustee undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Collateral Manager during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Offering Circular nor to advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger or the Trustee which is not included in this Offering Circular.
1.2 Suitability
Prospective purchasers of the Notes of any Class should ensure that they understand the nature of such Notes and the extent of their exposure to risk, that they have sufficient knowledge, experience and access to professional advisers to make their own legal, tax, regulatory, accounting and financial evaluation of the merits and risks of investment in such Notes and that they consider the suitability of such Notes as an investment in light of their own circumstances and financial condition and that of any accounts for which they are acting.
1.3 Limited Resources of Funds to Pay Expenses of the Issuer
The funds available to the Issuer to pay its expenses on any Payment Date are limited as provided in the Priorities of Payment. In the event that such funds are not sufficient to pay the expenses incurred by the Issuer, the ability of the Issuer to operate effectively may be impaired, and it may not be able to defend or prosecute legal proceedings brought against it or which it might otherwise bring to protect its interests or be able to pay the expenses of legal proceedings against persons it has indemnified.
1.4 Business and Regulatory Risks for Vehicles with Investment Strategies such as the Issuer’s
Legal, tax and regulatory changes could occur over the course of the life of the Notes that may adversely affect the Issuer. The regulatory environment for vehicles of the nature of the Issuer is evolving, and changes in regulation may adversely affect the value of investments held by the Issuer and the ability of the Issuer to obtain the leverage it might otherwise obtain or to pursue its investment and trading strategies. In addition, the securities and derivatives markets are subject to comprehensive statutory, regulatory and margin requirements. Certain regulators and self-regulatory organisations and exchanges are authorised to take extraordinary actions in the event of market emergencies. The regulation of transactions of a type similar to this transaction and derivative transactions and vehicles that engage in such transactions is an evolving area of law and is subject to modification by government and judicial action. The effect of any future regulatory change on the Issuer could be substantial and adverse.
1.5 Events in the CLO and Leveraged Finance Markets
Over the past several years, European financial markets have experienced volatility and have been adversely affected by concerns over economic contraction in certain EU member states (the “Member States”), rising government debt levels, credit rating downgrades and risk of default or restructuring of government debt. These events could cause bond yields and credit spreads to increase.
Many European economies continue to suffer from high rates of unemployment. This economic climate may have an adverse effect on the ability of consumers and businesses to repay or refinance their existing debt.
As discussed further in 1.7 “European Union and Euro Zone Risk” below, it is possible that countries that have adopted the Euro could return to a national currency. The effect on a national economy as a result of it leaving the Euro is impossible to predict, but is likely to be negative. The exit of one or more countries from the Euro zone could have a destabilising effect on all European economies and possibly the global economy as well.
Significant risks for the Issuer and investors exist as a result of current economic conditions. These risks include, among others, (i) the likelihood that the Issuer will find it more difficult to sell any of its assets or to purchase new assets in the secondary market, (ii) the possibility that, on or after the Issue Date, the price at which assets can be sold by the Issuer will have deteriorated from their effective purchase price and (iii) the illiquidity of the Notes. These additional risks may affect the returns on the Notes to investors and/or the ability of investors to realise their investment in the Notes prior to their Maturity Date, if at all. As well as reducing opportunities for the Issuer to purchase assets in the primary market, this is likely to increase the refinancing risk in respect of maturing assets. Although there have recently been signs that the primary market for certain financial products is recovering, particularly in the United States of America, the impact of the economic crisis on the primary market may adversely affect the flexibility of the Collateral Manager to invest and, ultimately, reduce the returns on the Notes to investors.
Difficult macro-economic conditions may adversely affect the rating, performance and the realisation value of the Collateral. Default rates on loans and other investments may continue to fluctuate and accordingly the performance of many collateralised loan obligation (“CLO”) transactions and other types of investment vehicles may suffer as a result. It is also possible that the Collateral will experience higher default rates than anticipated and that performance will suffer.
The ability of the Issuer to make payments on the Notes can depend on the general economic climate and the state of the global economy. The business, financial condition or results of operations of the Obligors of the Collateral Obligations may be adversely affected by a deterioration of economic and business conditions. To the extent that economic and business conditions deteriorate or fail to improve, non-performing assets are likely to increase, and the value and collectability of the Collateral Obligations are likely to decrease. A decrease in market value of the Collateral Obligations would also adversely affect the Sale Proceeds that could be obtained upon the sale of the Collateral Obligations and could ultimately affect the ability of the Issuer to pay in full or redeem the Rated Notes, as well as the ability to make any distributions in respect of the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes.
Many financial institutions, including banks, continue to suffer from capitalisation issues in a regulatory environment which may increase the capital requirement for certain businesses. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major financial institution may have an adverse effect on the Issuer, particularly if such financial institution is a grantor of a participation in an asset or is a hedge counterparty to a swap or hedge involving the Issuer, or a counterparty to a buy or sell trade that has not settled with respect to an asset. The bankruptcy or insolvency of another financial institution may result in the disruption of payments to the Issuer. In addition, the bankruptcy or insolvency of one or more additional financial institutions may trigger additional crises in the global credit markets and overall economy which could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer, the Collateral and the Notes.
The global credit crisis and its consequences together with the perceived failure of the preceding financial regulatory regime, continue to drive legislation and regulators towards a restrictive regulatory environment including the implementation of further regulation which affects financial institutions, markets, instruments and the bond market. Such additional rules and regulations could, among other things, adversely affect Noteholders as well as the flexibility of the Collateral Manager in managing and administering the Collateral. Increasing capital requirements and changing regulations may also result in some financial institutions exiting, curtailing or otherwise adjusting some trading, hedging or investment activities which may have effects on the liquidity of investments such as the Notes as well as the Collateral.
While it is possible that current conditions may improve for certain sectors of the global economy, there can be no assurance that the CLO, leveraged finance or structured finance markets will recover from an economic downturn at the same time or to the same degree as such other recovering sectors.
COVID-19

There has been an outbreak of a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) and related respiratory disease (coronavirus disease (COVID-19)) (“COVID-19”), that was first detected in December 2019 and which has now been found in over 200 countries globally. This outbreak and measures being put in place to restrict its spread have disrupted (and may continue to disrupt) economies and slowed (and may continue to slow) economic growth both in countries where the outbreak has been detected and in others. This may result, and in some cases (including in respect of the United Kingdom) has resulted, in the downgrade of certain sovereign credit ratings by certain rating agencies. This has (and may continue to) materially and adversely impact the global supply chain, market and economies. At this time, it remains uncertain whether the outbreak can be contained and what its impact will be in different affected areas, or how disruptive such outbreak and preventive measures may be to the global and regional economies. This state of affairs is causing (and may continue to cause) significant uncertainty in both domestic and global financial markets, has led to (and may continue to cause) volatility and disruption in the capital markets and could have a material adverse effect on certain Obligors of Collateral Obligations. These additional risks and market disruptions may materially and adversely affect the ability of Obligors to make payments under Collateral Obligations, the liquidity and value of the Notes, the ratings applicable to Collateral Obligations (see 4.20 “Ratings on Collateral Obligations”), the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes and the Issuer’s ability to acquire and sell Collateral Obligations.
In particular, rating actions (including, in respect of the potential downgrade of ratings applicable to Collateral Obligations, such ratings being downgraded between the date of this Offering Circular and the Issue Date) may result in the Initial Ratings of any Class of Rated Notes published by the Rating Agencies being lower than is described in this Offering Circular. Furthermore, any such rating actions taken between the Issue Date and the Effective Date could result in (a) a downgrade of one of more Classes of Rated Notes from their Initial Ratings and (b) certain Collateral Quality Tests and Portfolio Profile Tests not being satisfied as at the Effective Date, resulting in an Effective Date Rating Event and following which the applicable Rated Notes may be subject to redemption in part in an amount and in the manner described under Condition 7(e) (Redemption upon Effective Date Rating Event) (see also 4.6 “Considerations Relating to the Initial Investment Period”). If any rating assigned to the Notes is subject to a downgrade, the market value of the Notes may reduce and holders of the Notes may not be able to resell their Notes without a substantial discount (see also 3.16 “Ratings of the Notes Not Assured and Limited in Scope”).
1.6 Illiquidity in the collateralised debt obligation, leveraged finance and fixed income markets may affect the Noteholders
In previous years, events in the collateralised debt obligation (including CLO), leveraged finance and fixed income markets have resulted in substantial fluctuations in prices for leveraged loans and high-yield debt securities and limited liquidity for such instruments. No assurance can be made that conditions giving rise to similar price fluctuations and limited liquidity may not emerge following the Issue Date. During periods of limited liquidity and higher price volatility, the Issuer’s ability to acquire or dispose of Collateral Obligations at a price and time that the Issuer deems advantageous may be severely impaired. As a result, in periods of rising market prices, the Issuer may be unable to participate in price increases fully to the extent that it is unable to acquire desired positions quickly; and the Issuer’s inability to dispose fully and promptly of positions in declining markets may exacerbate losses suffered by the Issuer when Collateral Obligations are sold. Furthermore, significant additional risks for the Issuer and investors in the Notes may exist. Such risks include, among others, (i) the possibility that, after the Issue Date, the prices at which Collateral Obligations can be sold by the Issuer may deteriorate from their purchase price, (ii) the possibility that opportunities for the Issuer to sell its Collateral Obligations in the secondary market, including Credit Risk Obligations, Credit Improved Obligations, and Defaulted Obligations, may be impaired, and (iii) increased illiquidity of the Notes because of reduced secondary trading in CLO securities. These additional risks may affect the returns on the Notes to investors or otherwise adversely affect Noteholders.
1.7 European Union and Euro Zone Risk
Investors should carefully consider how changes to the Euro zone may affect their investment in the Notes. Since the global economic crisis, the deterioration of the sovereign debt of several countries, together with the risk of contagion to other, more stable, countries, has continued to pose risks. This situation has also raised uncertainties regarding the stability and overall standing of the European Economic and Monetary Union and may result in changes to the composition of the Euro zone.
As a confidence building measure, the European Commission created the European Financial Stability Facility (the “EFSF”) and the European Financial Stability Mechanism (the “EFSM”) to provide funding to Euro zone countries in financial difficulties that seek such support. Subsequently, the European Council agreed that Euro zone countries would establish a permanent stability mechanism, the European Stability Mechanism (the “ESM”), to assume the role of the EFSF and the EFSM in providing external financial assistance to Euro zone countries which has been active since July 2013.
Despite these measures, concerns persist regarding the growing risk that other Euro zone countries could be subject to an increase in borrowing costs and could face an economic crisis similar to that of Cyprus, Greece, Italy, Ireland, Spain and Portugal, together with the risk that some countries could leave the Euro zone (either voluntarily or involuntarily including as a result of an electoral decision to leave the European Union), and that the impact of these events on Europe and the global financial system could be severe which could have a negative impact on the Collateral.
Furthermore, concerns that the Euro zone sovereign debt crisis could worsen may lead to the reintroduction of national currencies in one or more Euro zone countries or, in more extreme circumstances, the possible dissolution of the Euro entirely. The departure or risk of departure from the Euro by one or more Euro zone countries and/or the abandonment of the Euro as a currency could have major negative effects on the Collateral (including the risks of currency losses arising out of redenomination and related haircuts on any affected assets), the Issuer, and the Notes. Should the Euro dissolve entirely, the legal and contractual consequences for holders of Euro-denominated obligations would be determined by laws in effect at such time. These potential developments, or market perceptions concerning these and related issues, could adversely affect the value of the Notes.
1.8 The UK’s Withdrawal from the European Union
On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew from the EU (as more particularly described below). At this time, the full consequences of such withdrawal are not clear.
In particular, there is uncertainty as to the final trade arrangements to be put in place following the expiry of the Transition Period (as defined below). Investors should be aware that the Issuer’s risk profile may be materially affected by this uncertainty which might also have an adverse impact on the Portfolio and the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects and could therefore also be materially detrimental to Noteholders. Any such potential adverse economic conditions may also affect the ability of the obligors to make payment under the Collateral Obligations which in turn may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to pay interest and repay principal to the Noteholders.
Applicability of EU law in the UK

The negotiated withdrawal agreement between the EU and the UK provides for a transition period, commencing on 31 January 2020 and ending at 11.00 p.m. GMT on 31 December 2020 (such period, the “Transition Period”). The UK government has stated that it will not seek such an extension. The negotiated withdrawal agreement states that, unless otherwise provided in the agreement, EU law will be applicable to and in the UK during the Transition Period. Accordingly, during the Transition Period any references in this Offering Circular to the “EU” and its “Member States” in the context of EU legislation and the application thereof shall be interpreted so as to include the UK (except where expressly indicated otherwise).
During the Transition Period negotiations will continue between the UK and the EU in respect of the nature of their future relationship. It is at present unclear what type of future trading relationship between the UK and the EU will be established. It is possible that a new relationship would preserve the applicability of certain EU rules (or equivalent rules) in the UK. At this time it is not possible to state with any certainty to what extent that might be so or when negotiations of such relationship will be finalised.
Following the end of the Transition Period, EU law will cease to apply in the UK. However, many EU laws have been transposed into English law and these transposed laws will continue to apply until such time that they are repealed, replaced or amended. Over the years, English law has been devised to function in conjunction with EU law (in particular, laws relating to financial markets, financial services, prudential and conduct regulation of financial institutions, financial collateral, settlement finality and market infrastructure). As a result, depending on the final trade arrangements to be put in place, substantial amendments to English law may occur and may diverge from the corresponding provisions of EU law applicable after the Transition Period. Consequently, English law may change and differ from EU law and it is impossible at this time to predict the consequences on the Portfolio, the Issuer’s business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects or any potential investors. Such changes could be materially detrimental to Noteholders.
Regulatory Risk

Under the EU single market directives, mutual access rights to markets and market infrastructure exist across the EEA and the mutual recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and resolution regimes applies. In addition, regulated entities licensed or authorised in one EEA jurisdiction may operate on a cross-border basis in other EEA countries without the need for a separate licence or authorisation. There is uncertainty as to how, following the expiry of the Transition Period, the existing passporting regime will apply (if at all). Depending on the terms of any future trading relationship between the EEA and the UK, it is likely that, UK regulated entities may, following the expiry of the Transition Period, lose the right to passport their services to EEA countries, and EEA entities may lose the right to reciprocal passporting into the UK. Also, UK entities may no longer have access rights to market infrastructure across the EU and the recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and resolution regimes across the EU may no longer be mutual.
There can be no assurance that the terms of the UK’s future trade relationship with the EU will include arrangements for the continuation of the existing passporting regime or mutual access rights to market infrastructure and recognition of insolvency, bank recovery and resolution regimes. Such uncertainty could adversely impact the Issuer and, in particular, the ability of third parties to provide services to the Issuer, and could be materially detrimental to Noteholders.
Regulatory Risk – UK Collateral Manager

If, at the end of the Transition Period, the UK were no longer within the scope of EU Directive 2014/65/EU and EU Regulation 600/2014/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments (collectively referred to as “MiFID II”) and an alternative passporting regime or third country recognition of the UK is not in place, then (a) a UK manager such as the Collateral Manager may be unable to continue to provide collateral management services to the Issuer in reliance upon the passporting of relevant regulated services within the EU on a cross-border basis provided for under MiFID II and (b) the Collateral Manager may not be able to continue to act as Retention Holder to the extent it was required to hold the retention solely as “sponsor” in accordance with the EU Retention Requirements (even if the Collateral Manager were to remain subject to UK financial services regulation), however, we note that the Collateral Manager intends to act as an “originator” retention holder for the purposes of this transaction. As of the date hereof, an “originator” retention holder is not required to be regulated in the EU in order to act in such capacity.
MiFID II, which has applied since 3 January 2018, provides (among other things) for the ability for non-EU investment firms to provide collateral management services in the EU on a cross-border basis provided that certain conditions are fulfilled. In order to qualify to provide collateral management services in the EU on a cross-border basis, non-EU investment firms will be required (i) to be authorised in a third country to provide collateral management services which are regulated under MiFID II (A) in respect of which the European Commission (the “Commission”) has adopted an equivalency decision and (B) where the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) has established cooperation arrangements with the relevant competent authorities, and (ii) to be registered with ESMA to do so. It is not possible to guarantee or predict the timing of any Commission equivalency decision, cooperation arrangements or registration by ESMA in relation to the UK.
However, MiFID II provides certain transitional measures so that third country investment firms may continue to provide collateral management services in the EU on a cross-border basis in accordance with the relevant national regimes (i) until the time of any Commission equivalency decision and
(ii) following any Commission equivalency decision, for a maximum of three years.
The European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 S.I. No. 375 of 2017 (the “2017 MiFID Regulations”) implemented Directive 2014/65/EU into Irish law, effective 3 January 2018. The 2017 MiFID Regulations contain a “safe-harbour” for non-EU investment firms, however, services to ‘retail clients’ (as defined in MiFID II) are excluded.
Until non-EU investment firms qualify under the MiFID II measures to provide collateral management services in the EU on a cross-border basis, the “safe harbour” provision for non-EU investment firms providing services into Ireland to Irish persons contained in the 2017 MiFID Regulations will apply, provided that:
(a) the non-EU investment firm’s headquarters are in a non-EU country;
(b) the non-EU investment firm is subject to authorisation and supervision in its country of origin and that country observes Financial Action Task Force anti-money laundering recommendations;
(c) there are co-operation agreements in place between the Central Bank of Ireland and the relevant non-EU country; and
(d) the non-EU investment firm’s services are provided only to professional clients or eligible counterparties (i.e. as defined in MiFID II) and are not provided to retail clients.
Market Risk

Following the result of the referendum on the UK’s withdrawal from the EU and its subsequent withdrawal, the financial markets have experienced volatility and disruption. This volatility and disruption may continue or increase, and investors should consider the effect thereof on the market for
securities such as the Notes and on the ability of Obligors to meet their obligations under the Collateral Obligations.
Investors should be aware that as a result of the UK’s withdrawal from the EU, any negotiation between the UK and the EU with respect to their future trading relationship and following the expiry of the Transition Period, changes to legislation may introduce potentially significant new uncertainties and instabilities in the financial markets. These uncertainties and instabilities could have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the Issuer, the Obligors, the Portfolio, the Collateral Manager and the other parties to the transaction and could therefore also be materially detrimental to Noteholders.
Exposure to Counterparties

The Issuer will be exposed to a number of counterparties (including in relation to any Assignments, Participations and Hedge Transactions and also each of the Agents) throughout the life of the Notes. Investors should note that following the UK’s withdrawal from the EU and the end of the Transition Period and depending on the terms of any future trading relationship between the UK and the EU, such counterparties may be unable to perform their obligations due to changes in regulation, including the loss of, or changes to, existing regulatory rights to do cross-border business in the EU or the costs of such transactions with such counterparties may increase. In addition, counterparties may be adversely affected by rating actions or volatile and illiquid markets (including currency markets and bank funding markets) arising from the withdrawal of the UK from the EU, therefore increasing the risk that such counterparties may become unable to fulfil their obligations. Such inability could adversely impact the Issuer and could be materially detrimental to Noteholders. For further information on counterparties, see “Counterparty Risk” below.
Ratings actions

Since the results of the referendum on the withdrawal of the UK from the EU each of S&P, Fitch Ratings Limited (and any successor or successors thereto) (“Fitch”) and Moody’s has downgraded the UK’s sovereign credit rating. Following the outbreak of COVID-19, each of Fitch and Moody’s has further downgraded the UK’s sovereign credit rating and Fitch has also placed such rating on negative outlook, suggesting possible further negative rating action.
The credit rating of a country affects the ratings of entities operating in its territory, and in particular the ratings of financial institutions. Accordingly, such downgrades of the UK’s sovereign credit rating and any further downgrade action may trigger downgrades in respect of parties to the Transaction Documents. If a counterparty no longer satisfies the relevant Rating Requirement, the Transaction Documents may require that such counterparty be replaced with an entity that satisfies the relevant Rating Requirement. If rating downgrades are widespread, it may become difficult or impossible to replace counterparties with entities that satisfy the relevant Rating Requirement.
While the extent and impact of these issues are unknown, investors should be aware that they could have an adverse impact on the Issuer, its service providers, the payment of interest and repayment of principal on the Notes and therefore, the Noteholders. For further information, see “Counterparty Risk” below.
1.9 Third Party Litigation; Limited Funds Available
Investment activities such as the purchase, selling, holding and participation in voting or the restructuring of Collateral Obligations may subject the Issuer to the risks of becoming involved in litigation by third parties. This risk may be greater where the Issuer exercises control or significant influence over a company’s direction. The expense of defending claims against the Issuer by third parties (including bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings) and paying any amounts pursuant to settlements or judgments would, except in the unlikely event that that Issuer is indemnified for such amounts, be borne by the Issuer and would reduce the funds available for distribution and the Issuer’s net assets. The funds available to the Issuer to pay certain fees and expenses of the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and for payment of the Issuer’s other accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses are limited amounts available in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. If such funds are not sufficient to pay the expenses
incurred by the Issuer, the ability of the Issuer to operate effectively may be impaired, and the Issuer may not be able to defend or prosecute legal proceedings that may be bought against it or that the Issuer might otherwise bring to protect its interests.
2. REGULATORY INITIATIVES
2.1 General
In Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere there has been, and there continues to be, increased political and regulatory scrutiny of banks, financial institutions, “shadow banking entities” and the asset-backed securities industry. This has resulted in a raft of measures for increased regulation which are currently at various stages of implementation and which may have an adverse impact on the regulatory capital charge to certain investors in securitisation exposures and/or the incentives for certain investors to hold or trade asset-backed securities, and may thereby affect the liquidity of such securities.
This uncertainty is further compounded by the numerous regulatory efforts underway in Europe, the U.S. and globally. Certain of these efforts overlap. In addition, even where these regulatory efforts overlap, they generally have not been undertaken on a coordinated basis.
None of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, the Trustee nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation as to the proper characterisation of the Notes for legal, investment, financial institution regulatory, financial reporting or other purposes, as to the ability of particular investors to invest in the Notes under applicable legal investment or other restrictions or as to the consequences of an investment in the Notes for such purposes or under such restrictions. All prospective investors in the Notes whose investment activities are subject to legal investment laws, rules and regulations (including risk retention laws, rules and regulations that apply currently to the investor, or which may do so in the future), regulatory capital requirements, or review by regulatory authorities should consult with their own legal, accounting and other advisors in determining whether, and to what extent, the Notes will constitute legal investments for them or are subject to investment or other regulatory restrictions, unfavourable accounting treatment, capital charges, reserve requirements or other consequences. None of the Issuer, the Sole Arranger, the Initial Purchaser, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the Retention Holder and the Collateral Manager nor any of their affiliates makes any representation, warranty, or guarantee that the structure of the Notes is compliant with any applicable legal, regulatory, or other framework (nor regarding the manner in which such a framework applies to any investor’s investment in the Notes).
2.2 Basel III and Basel IV
Following the global financial crisis, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“BCBS”) approved significant changes to the Basel regulatory capital and liquidity framework (such changes being commonly referred to as “Basel III”) and proposed revisions to the securitisation framework including increasing risk weights for asset backed securities. Basel III provided for a substantial strengthening of prior prudential rules, including new requirements intended to reinforce capital standards (with heightened requirements for global systemically important banks) and to establish a leverage ratio “backstop” for financial institutions and certain minimum liquidity standards (referred to as the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (“LCR”) and the Net Stable Funding Ratio (“NSFR”)). BCBS member countries agreed to implement Basel III from 1 January 2013, subject to transitional and phase-in arrangements for certain requirements (for example, the LCR requirements referred to implementation from the start of 2015, with full implementation by January 2019, and the NSFR requirements referred to implementation from January 2018). As implementation of any changes to the Basel framework (including those made via Basel III) required legislation in each jurisdiction, the final rules and the timetable for its implementation in each jurisdiction, as well as the treatment of asset-backed securities (for example, as LCR eligible assets or not), may be subject to some level of variation between jurisdictions. It should also be noted that changes to regulatory capital requirements have been introduced for insurance and reinsurance undertakings through jurisdiction specific initiatives, such as the Solvency II framework in the EU.
In December 2017, the BCBS announced a set of amendments to the Basel III package, described by some commentators as “Basel IV”. These reforms introduce significant limitations on the ability of banks
to reduce their capital requirements through their calculation of risk weighted assets (“RWAs”) using the Internal Ratings Based approach (the “IRB Approach”). The reforms include revisions to the IRB Approach for credit risk, revised minimum capital requirements for market risk, revisions to the credit value adjustment risk framework, amendments to the leverage ratio exposure measure and the introduction of a leverage ratio buffer for global systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”), which will take the form of a Tier 1 capital buffer set at 50% of a G-SIB’s risk-weighted capital buffer. The reforms also introduce an aggregate output floor, which will ensure that banks’ RWAs generated by internal models used in the IRB approach are no lower than 72.5% of RWAs as calculated by the Basel III framework’s standardised approaches. The Basel IV reforms will have to be implemented by January 2022, with the exception of the new output floor requirement, which will phased in between 1 January 2022 and the end of 2026, becoming fully effective on 1 January 2027.
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the changes and requirements described above (and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes. The matters described above and any other changes to the regulation or regulatory treatment of the Notes for some or all investors may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual investors and, in addition, have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
2.3 Risk Retention and Transparency Requirements
Securitisation Regulation – Background

A regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/2401) (the “CRR Amendment Regulation”) to amend Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Council (the “CRR”) and a regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/2402) aiming to create a general European framework for securitisation and a specific framework for “simple, transparent and standardised” securitisation (the “Securitisation Regulation”) were published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 28 December 2017 and entered into force on the twentieth day thereafter. The Securitisation Regulation applies to securitisations the securities of which are issued on or after 1 January 2019. The CRR Amendment Regulation applied from 1 January 2019 (subject to certain transitional provisions regarding securitisations the securities of which were issued before 1 January 2019).
There are uncertainties regarding the scope of the obligations in the Securitisation Regulation and the obligations in the technical standards that will be adopted pursuant thereto which will provide details of the requirements under the Securitisation Regulation, as further described below. Most of the relevant technical standards have not yet been adopted.
Investors should be aware and in some cases are required to be aware of the risk retention and due diligence and transparency requirements in Europe under the Securitisation Regulation which affects certain investors, sponsors, original lenders, originators and securitisation special purpose entities (“SSPEs”) in relation to securitisations issued from and including 1 January 2019 (and of any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), in addition to any other regulatory requirements that are (or may become) applicable to them and/or with respect to their investment in the Notes. Each investor should consult with its own legal, accounting, regulatory and other advisors and/or its regulator before committing to acquire any Notes to determine whether, and to what extent, the information set out in this Offering Circular and in any investor report provided in relation to the transaction is sufficient for the purpose of satisfying such requirements.
Due-diligence requirements for Institutional Investors

The Securitisation Regulation imposes due diligence requirements on various types of EU regulated investors (“Institutional Investors”) including institutions for occupational retirement, credit institutions, alternative investment fund managers who manage or market alternative investment funds in the EU, investment firms as defined in the CRR, insurance and reinsurance undertakings and management companies of UCITS funds (or internally managed UCITS).
These requirements restrict such Institutional Investors from investing in securitisations unless such investors have verified that, among other things: (i) the originator, sponsor or original lender will retain, on an ongoing basis, a material net economic interest of not less than five per cent. in the securitisation in accordance with Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation and the risk retention is disclosed to the Institutional Investors in accordance with Article 5 of the Securitisation Regulation; (ii) the originator, sponsor or SSPE has, where applicable, made available the information required by Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation (as to which, see below) in accordance with the frequency and modalities provided for in that Article; and (iii) where the originator or original lender is established in the EU or the UK, and is not a credit institution or an investment firm (as defined in points (1) and (2) of Article 4(1) of the CRR), the originator or original lender grants all the credits giving rise to the underlying exposures on the basis of sound and well-defined criteria and clearly established processes for approving, amending, renewing and financing those credits and has effective systems in place to apply those criteria and processes in accordance with Article 9(1) of the Securitisation Regulation.
Pursuant to Article 14 of the CRR consolidated subsidiaries of credit institutions and investment firms subject to the CRR may also be subject to these requirements.
Failure to comply with one or more of the requirements may result in various penalties including, in the case of those Institutional Investors subject to regulatory capital requirements, the imposition of a punitive capital charge in respect of the Notes acquired by the relevant investor.
Uncertainties in the scope of the EU Retention Requirements, the EU Transparency Requirements and the due diligence requirements under the Securitisation Regulation

Aspects of the requirements and what is or will be required to demonstrate compliance to national regulators remain unclear.
Each prospective investor in the Notes is required to independently assess and determine whether the information provided herein and in any reports provided to investors in relation to this transaction is sufficient to comply with the EU Retention Requirements, EU Transparency Requirements and investor due diligence requirements under the Securitisation Regulation or any similar requirements and none of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Collateral Manager, the Trustee or the Retention Holder, nor any of their respective Affiliates or any other person makes any representation, warranty or guarantee that the information described herein is sufficient in all circumstances for such purposes or any other purpose or that the structure of the Notes, the Retention Holder (including its holding of the Retention Notes) and the transactions described herein are compliant with the EU Retention Requirements, EU Transparency Requirements and investor due diligence requirements under the Securitisation Regulation, any implementing provisions in respect of the EU Retention Requirements, EU Transparency Requirements and investor due diligence requirements under the Securitisation Regulation in any relevant jurisdiction or any other applicable legal, regulatory or other requirements and no such person shall have any liability to any prospective investor or any other Person with respect to any deficiency in such information or any failure of the transactions or structure contemplated hereby to comply with or otherwise satisfy such requirements. Without limiting the foregoing, investors should be aware that at this time, the EU authorities have published only limited binding guidance relating to the satisfaction of the EU Retention Requirements and the EU Transparency Requirements. Furthermore, any relevant regulator’s views with regard to the EU Retention Requirements and the EU Transparency Requirements may not be based exclusively on technical standards, guidance or other information known at this time.
Prospective investors should therefore make themselves aware of the requirements of the Securitisation Regulation described herein (and any corresponding implementing rules of their regulator), where applicable to them, in addition to any other applicable regulatory requirements with respect to their investment in the Notes. If a regulator determines that the transaction did not comply or is no longer in compliance with the Securitisation Regulation or any applicable legal, regulatory or other requirement, then investors may be required by their regulator to set aside additional capital against their investment in the Notes or take other remedial measures in respect of their investment in the Notes and the Issuer and/or the Collateral Manager, in its capacity as Retention Holder, may be subject to administrative sanctions in the case of negligence or intentional infringement of the requirements of Article 7 of the
Securitisation Regulation, including maximum administrative pecuniary sanctions of at least EUR5,000,000 (or its equivalent) or 10 per cent. of total annual net turnover. Any such pecuniary sanction levied on the Collateral Manager (as Retention Holder) may materially adversely affect the ability of the Collateral Manager to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and could have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. Any such pecuniary sanction levied on the Issuer may materially adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to repay principal and pay interest on the Notes.
Any changes in the law or regulation, the interpretation or application of any law or regulation or changes in the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes for some or all investors may negatively impact the regulatory position of individual investors and, in addition, may have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. Without limitation to the foregoing, no assurance can be given that the EU Retention Requirements and the EU Transparency Requirements, or the interpretation or application thereof, will not change, and, if any such change is effected, whether such change would affect the regulatory position of current or future investors in the Notes. The Retention Holder does not have an obligation to change the quantum or nature of its holding of the Retention Notes due to any future changes in the EU Retention Requirements or in the interpretation thereof. Any costs incurred by the Issuer in connection with satisfying the requirements of the Securitisation Regulation shall be paid by the Issuer as Administrative Expenses.
Risk Retention Obligation

The Securitisation Regulation imposes a direct obligation on the originator, sponsor or original lender of a securitisation to retain on an ongoing basis a material net economic interest in the securitisation of not less than five per cent. A failure by the Retention Holder to comply with the Securitisation Regulation’s direct retention requirements may result in administrative and/or criminal penalties being imposed on the Retention Holder including, in the case of a legal person, maximum administrative pecuniary sanctions of at least EUR 5,000,000 (or its equivalent) or up to 10 per cent. of total annual net turnover. With respect to the commitment of the Retention Holder to retain a material net economic interest in the securitisation, please see the summary set out in “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements” below.
Transparency Requirements

Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation contains transparency requirements (the “EU Transparency Requirements”) that require the originator, sponsor and securitisation special purpose entity (“SSPE”) of a securitisation to make certain prescribed information relating to the securitisation available to investors, competent authorities and, upon request, to potential investors. Article 7 also requires that one of those parties is designated as the reporting entity and the Issuer has been designated as such as further described below.
Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation includes ongoing reporting obligations which include quarterly portfolio level disclosure required under Article 7(1)(a) (“Loan Reports”); quarterly investor reports required under Article 7(1)(e) (“Investor Reports”); any inside information relating to the securitisation that the reporting entity is obliged to make public under the Market Abuse Regulation (Regulation (EU) No 596/2014) under Article 7(1)(f) (“Inside Information”); and any “significant events” under Article 7(1)(g) (“Significant Events”).
The Loan Reports and the Investor Reports are to be made available simultaneously on a quarterly basis and, at the latest (a) one month after each Payment Date or (b) with respect to any period where no Payment Date occurs quarterly, within one month of (i) the last quarterly date that the Loan Report and Investor Report were provided or (ii) the Issue Date, as applicable. Disclosures relating to any Inside Information and Significant Events are required to be made available without delay.
On 16 October 2019 the Commission adopted certain technical standards under the EU Transparency Requirements containing detailed draft disclosure templates that are required to be completed with respect to the Loan Reports, Investor Reports and, in relation to public transactions only, Inside Information and Significant Events (the “Transparency RTS”). The Transparency RTS were published
in the Official Journal of the European Union on 3 September 2020 and apply from 23 September 2020. There remains significant uncertainty as to the jurisdictional scope of the reporting requirements contained in the Transparency RTS.
The originator, sponsor and SSPE of a securitisation must designate amongst themselves one entity to fulfil the disclosure requirements (the “reporting entity”) under the Securitisation Regulation. The Issuer has undertaken to act as the reporting entity in relation to the issuance of the Notes and shall be liable for ensuring the satisfaction of the disclosure requirements. Although the Issuer has undertaken to act as the reporting entity, it should be noted that the Securitisation Regulation’s reporting obligations will apply to both the Collateral Manager as the originator as well as to the Issuer. Any failure by the Issuer, as the reporting entity, or by Collateral Manager, to fulfil the EU Transparency Requirements applicable to them or covenants relating thereto may cause the transaction to be non-compliant with the Securitisation Regulation. If there is a breach of the reporting requirements of Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation, the Collateral Manager could be subject to administrative sanctions, including maximum administrative pecuniary sanctions of at least EUR5,000,000 (or its equivalent) or up to 10 per cent. of its total annual net turnover. Any such pecuniary sanction levied on the Collateral Manager may materially adversely affect the ability of the Collateral Manager to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and could have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. The Collateral Manager is required to indemnify the Issuer for Collateral Manager Breaches and the Collateral Manager may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to indemnification from the Issuer in respect of any such pecuniary sanctions levied on the Collateral Manager. See “Description of The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement - Issuer Indemnity” below.
Prospective investors should also note that any such pecuniary sanction levied on the Issuer will be paid to the Competent Authority on each Payment Date as an Administrative Expense pursuant to the Priorities of Payment. Should the amount of the sanction exceed the Senior Expenses Cap in any period, payment in full will be subject to the Issuer making such payment in accordance with the priority of payments and after all amounts due on the Rated Notes have been paid. There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay the sanction in full or in a timely manner and there is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to agree a payment plan with the regulator so that payments can be spread over several Payment Dates. The regulator may take further action against the Issuer in respect of any outstanding amounts including, for example, imposing daily penalty interest or taking further enforcement action. Any such further actions taken by the regulator, could have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Rated Notes and the return the investors receive on the Rated Notes may be impacted.
In addition, in relation to the reporting obligations in the EU Transparency Requirements:
(a) the Issuer will be designated as the entity responsible to fulfil such reporting obligations;
(b) the Collateral Manager will undertake to use its reasonable endeavours to provide to the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer (and any applicable third party reporting entity) any reports, data and other information (or access to such information):
(i) which is in the possession of the Collateral Manager;
(ii) which is not subject to legal or contractual restrictions on its disclosure (unless the relevant information can be summarised or disclosed in an anonymised form, as appropriate);
(iii) to which the Collateral Administrator does not otherwise have access in the ordinary course of its collateral administration duties, which is not already required to be provided to the Issuer directly or which is not otherwise in the Issuer’s possession (in each case, as applicable); and
(iv) which is required by the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer in connection with the proper performance by the Issuer, as the reporting entity, of its obligation to make available to the Noteholders, potential investors in the Notes and the competent
authorities the reports and information necessary for the Issuer to fulfil the reporting requirements of the EU Transparency Requirements;
(c) the Issuer, in consultation with the Collateral Manager, shall procure the compilation of each of the Loan Reports and Investor Reports (each as defined in the Conditions), in each case in the form required by and in accordance with the frequency requirements set out in the EU Transparency Requirements; and
(d) the Collateral Administrator shall make such Loan Reports and Investor Reports, together with any other information, data and reports (in each case as provided to it and instructed by the Collateral Manager and the Issuer) available to the Relevant Recipients via the Reporting Website or such other method of dissemination as is required by the Securitisation Regulation (as notified to the Collateral Administrator by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and as agreed with the Collateral Administrator) as provided to it.
The Collateral Administrator shall not assume any responsibility for the Issuer’s obligations as the entity responsible for fulfilling the reporting obligations under the EU Transparency Requirements. In making available such information, documents and reporting, the Collateral Administrator also assumes no responsibility or liability to any third party, including the Noteholders and potential Noteholders (including for their use and/or onward disclosure of such information, documents and reporting), and shall have the benefit of the powers, protections and indemnities granted to it under the Transaction Documents.
In addition, the Issuer may incur additional costs and expenses in seeking to comply with such disclosure obligations and certain amendments may be required in relation to the Transaction Documents. Such costs and expenses would be payable by the Issuer as Administrative Expenses. In the event that the Issuer is not able to comply with these requirements, the imposition of sanctions or remedial measures on the Issuer may directly and adversely affect the amounts payable under Notes and otherwise affect the performance of the Issuer’s obligations and such non-compliance may also have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
The Issuer shall (with assistance from the Collateral Manager, to the extent reasonably required) notify the Central Bank of Ireland of the transaction described in the Transaction Documents no later than 15 Business Days after the date hereof, which notification shall comply with the Central Bank of Ireland’s guidance in relation to the Irish STS Regulations. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall be the entity responsible for submitting the notification to the Central Bank of Ireland.
U.S. Risk Retention Rules

On October 21, 2014, the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act (the “U.S. Risk Retention Rules”) were issued. Except with respect to asset-backed securities transactions that satisfy certain exemptions, the U.S. Risk Retention Rules generally require a “sponsor” of asset-backed securities or its “majority-owned affiliate” (as defined in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules) to retain not less than 5% of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing asset-backed securities (the “Minimum Risk Retention Requirement”). The U.S. Risk Retention Rules became effective on December 24, 2016 with respect to asset-backed securities collateralized by assets other than residential mortgages. As further discussed in the adopting release with respect to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, the entity acting as the collateral manager of a collateralized loan obligation transaction (a “CLO”) was initially considered the “sponsor” of such CLO.
However, on February 9, 2018, a three-judge panel (the “Panel”) of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia in The Loan Syndications and Trading Association v. Securities and Exchange Commission and Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, No. 1:16-cv-0065 ( the “LSTA Decision”), instructed the District Court for the District of Columbia (the “District Court”) to grant summary judgment in favor of the LSTA on the issue of whether the U.S. Risk Retention Rules apply to collateral managers of “open market” CLOs (described in the LSTA Decision as CLOs where assets are acquired from “arms-length negotiations and trading on an open market”) under Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act. The Panel’s opinion in the LSTA Decision became effective on April 5, 2018,
when the District Court entered its order following the issuance of the appellate mandate on April 3, 2018 (the “Mandate”) in respect thereof. As a result of the LSTA Decision, certain CLO managers of “open market CLOs” (including the Collateral Manager) may no longer be required to comply with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules because of its role as manager of an “open market CLO”, and there may be no “sponsor” of the securitisation transaction and no party may be required to acquire and retain the Minimum Risk Retention Requirement on the Issue Date in reliance on the Mandate.
If it is determined that this CLO transaction does not constitute an “open-market CLO” (including as a result of the Collateral Manager’s activities with respect to Originated Assets and the EU Retention Requirements), the Collateral Manager may fail to comply (or not be able to comply) with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, which may have a material adverse effect on the Collateral Manager, the Issuer and/or the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes.
Investors will not be entitled to the protections previously afforded by the U.S. Risk Retention Rules that required CLO collateral managers to have “skin in the game” and to comply with certain disclosure obligations specified in the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. No assurance can be made whether or not any governmental authority will continue to take further legislative or regulatory action in response to past or future economic crises, or otherwise, including by adopting new credit risk retention rules for “open market CLOs”, and the effect (and extent) of such actions, if any, cannot be known or predicted (any such future credit risk retention law, rule or regulation in the U.S. that is applicable to the collateral manager and/or the transaction, as determined by the Collateral Manager (a “New Risk Retention Rule” and together with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, “U.S. Retention Regulations”).
In the event that the U.S. Retention Regulations become applicable to this transaction in the future, whether as a result of regulatory action or governmental action, the Collateral Manager (or a “majority-owned affiliate” thereof) may be required to acquire additional Notes (either in the secondary market or through an additional issuance of Notes). In addition, in the event that U.S. Retention Regulations become applicable to this transaction in the future, failure to comply with the U.S. Retention Regulations may have an adverse effect on the Collateral Manager or its Affiliates, as such failure could constitute a violation of the Exchange Act (or other statute under which any New Risk Retention Rule is promulgated). Any such failure to comply may result in significant negative reputational consequences and may adversely affect the ability of the Collateral Manager to perform its obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or the Trust Deed or the market value and liquidity of the Notes.
In the event that the U.S. Risk Retention Rules become applicable to this transaction in the future, the Issuer’s ability to effect any additional issuance of Notes, any Refinancing or any material amendment may be impaired or limited due to the consent rights of the Collateral Manager with respect to each such action. In granting or withholding its consent to any such action to the extent it is required under the Trust Deed with respect thereto, it should be expected that the Collateral Manager will act in its own self-interest (and will not take into account the interests of any other Person, including the Issuer and/or any holders of Notes).
The statements contained herein regarding the U.S. Risk Retention Rules and the LSTA Decision are based on publicly available information solely as of the date of this Offering Circular. To the extent the
U.S. Risk Retention Rules (or any New Risk Retention Rules) apply after the date hereof, the ultimate interpretation as to whether any action taken by an entity complies with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules (or such New Risk Retention Rules) will be a matter of interpretation by the applicable governmental authorities or regulators.
All investors whose investment activities are subject to investment laws and regulations, regulatory capital requirements, or review by regulatory authorities should consult with their own legal, accounting and other advisors in determining whether, and to what extent, the Notes will constitute legal investments for them or are subject to investment or other restrictions, unfavourable accounting treatment, capital charges or reserve requirements.
Japanese Retention Requirements

On March 15, 2019, the Japanese Financial Services Agency (the “JFSA”) published a rule (the “JFSA Securitization Regulation”) concerning the regulatory capital treatment of securitization transactions for Japanese banks, bank holding companies, certain Japanese credit unions and cooperatives and certain other Japanese financial institutions and their respective affiliates (such investors, “Affected Japanese Investors”). The JFSA Securitization Regulation subjects Affected Japanese Investors to punitive capital charges and/or other regulatory penalties for securitization exposures they purchase after March 31, 2019 unless the applicable investor (i) has conducted satisfactory due diligence on the assets underlying such securitization, including the establishment and utilization of a due diligence system for evaluating securitized products and (ii) has determined that either (a) the underlying assets of the applicable securitization transaction were “not inadequately or inappropriately formed” or (b) the relevant “originator” (as defined in the JFSA Securitization Regulation), or another party “deeply involved in the organization of the securitized product”, retains at least 5% of the securitized exposures. At this time there are several unresolved questions relating to the JFSA Securitization Regulation (for which no official English translation is yet available) and little guidance on many aspects of the rule including, among others, (i) what is meant by assets “not inadequately or inappropriately formed” and what materials an Affected Japanese Investor may be required to review to make such a determination, (ii) the eligibility requirements for a retention holder for purposes of the rule and (iii) on what basis to calculate the 5% retention requirement (i.e., how to determine the amount of “securitized exposures”).
The JFSA Securitization Regulation is expected to apply to Affected Japanese Investors investing in the Notes and potentially to any securities issued in connection with a Refinancing or additional issuance of Notes purchased by Affected Japanese Investors.
The JFSA Securitization Regulation may lead to decreased participation of Affected Japanese Investors in the market for CLO securities, which may adversely affect (i) the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market, (ii) the leveraged loan and CLO markets generally and (iii) the ability of the Issuer to effect a Refinancing and/or additional issuance of Notes.
Notwithstanding the fact that the Retention Holder is purchasing on the Issue Date and retaining Notes of each Class with the intention of satisfying the EU Retention Requirements, no party including, without limitation, the Issuer, the Sole Arranger, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder, the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation, warranty or guaranty that such retention would enable any Affected Japanese Investor to comply with the JFSA Securitization Regulation.
Furthermore, no party including, without limitation, the Issuer, the Sole Arranger, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, the Trustee or any of their respective affiliates, makes any representation, warranty or guaranty that the Collateral Obligations were not, or will not be, “inadequately or inappropriately formed”, that the information made available with respect to the Collateral Obligations is sufficient to make such a determination or that this transaction otherwise satisfies the JFSA Securitization Regulation.
It is the responsibility of each Affected Japanese Investor to conduct adequate due diligence to confirm and verify that the requirements of the JFSA Securitization Regulation have been satisfied and none of the Issuer, the Sole Arranger, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager or the Trustee assumes any responsibility or liability for the failure of any Affected Japanese Investor to conduct the due diligence that is necessary to satisfy the JFSA Securitization Regulation.
2.4 European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR)
The European Market Infrastructure Regulation EU 648/2012 as amended from time to time (“EMIR”) and its various delegated regulations and technical standards impose a range of obligations on parties to “over the counter” (“OTC”) derivative contracts according to whether they are “financial counterparties” (“FCs”) (such as certain investment firms, alternative investment funds (in respect of which, see Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive below), credit
institutions and insurance companies) “non-financial counterparties” (“NFCs”) (or third country entities equivalent to FCs or NFCs).
Types of entities and obligations

EMIR sets out thresholds for entities to assist with the categorisation thereof: (i) in the case of NFCs, the aggregate month-end average position for the previous 12 months of all OTC derivative contracts entered into by the NFC and other non-financial entities within its “group” (as defined in EMIR), excluding eligible hedging transactions, does not exceed certain thresholds (set per asset class of OTC derivatives), however, once the threshold for one asset class is exceeded, the NFC will be categorised as an NFC+ and (ii), in the case of FCs, the same thresholds apply, but FCs: (A) cannot exclude their hedging transactions from the threshold calculations, and (B) once the threshold for one asset class is exceeded, the FC must clear all OTC derivatives via an authorised or recognised central counterparty. FCs and NFCs, in each case, which are above the “clearing threshold” (“FC+s” and “NFC+s” respectively) are subject to an obligation to clear through an authorised or recognised central counterparty (the “clearing obligation”) all “eligible” OTC derivative contracts entered into with other counterparties (NFC+s need only clear those asset classes in respect of which the clearing threshold is exceeded). All counterparties must report the details of all derivative contracts to a trade repository (the “reporting obligation”) (provided that from 18 June 2020, FCs have been responsible under EMIR for reporting in connection with OTC derivative contracts on behalf of both themselves and their NFC counterparties that are not subject to the clearing obligation, and accordingly, each Hedge Counterparty will be required to report details of any relevant Hedge Transactions for both itself and the Issuer) and undertake certain risk-mitigation techniques in respect of OTC derivative contracts which are not cleared by a central counterparty such as timely confirmation of terms, portfolio reconciliation and compression and the implementation of dispute resolution procedures (the “risk mitigation obligations”). Non-cleared OTC derivatives entered into by FCs and NFC+s must also be marked-to-market on a daily basis and collateral may be required to be exchanged (the “margin requirement”) to the extent that the FC or NFC+ enters into OTC derivatives transactions with other counterparties subject to the margin requirement.
NFCs which are below such “clearing threshold” (each, an “NFC-”) and small financial counterparties (as described under EMIR) are not subject to the clearing obligation. An NFC- is also exempted from certain additional risk mitigation obligations, such as the posting of collateral.
Margin requirement

The margin requirement applies to non- cleared OTC derivatives. The margin requirement applies to FCs and NFC+s which transact with other FCs, NFC+s and third country equivalents (subject to exemptions) and, depending on the counterparty, will require collection and posting of variation margin and, for the largest counterparties/groups, initial margin. Variation margin requirements already apply and initial margin requirements are taking effect through a staged implementation period.
Under EMIR, NFCs may choose to calculate their aggregate month-end average positions for the previous 12 months. However, if an entity (such as the Issuer) is classified as NFC-, it is important that the calculation is made to avoid any concern or questions arising relating to the correct classification of the entity as an NFC-.
The Issuer expects to be an NFC-. However, if the Issuer is considered to be a member of a “group” (as defined in EMIR) (which may, for example, potentially be the case if the Issuer is consolidated by a Noteholder as a result of such Noteholder’s holding of a significant proportion of the Subordinated Notes) and/or if the aggregate month-end average position of OTC derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer and any non-financial entities within such group exceeds the applicable thresholds (excluding eligible hedging transactions), the Issuer would be subject to the clearing obligation, or if the relevant contract is not a type required to be cleared, to the risk mitigation obligations, including the margin requirement. Also, please see 2.5 “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive” below in respect of the potential classification of the Issuer as an AIF.
Prospective investors should be aware that if the Issuer becomes subject to the clearing obligation or to the margin requirement, it is unlikely that it would be able to comply with such requirements, which
would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to enter into or materially amend Hedge Transactions (and may also lead to termination of existing Hedge Transactions and/or Hedge Agreements) and/or may significantly increase the cost of entering into derivative contracts (to the extent that the Issuer is reclassified as a FC or NFC+ and becomes subject to marking to market and collateral posting requirements in respect of non-cleared OTC derivatives such as the Currency Hedge Transactions and the Interest Rate Hedge Transactions). These changes may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to enter into Hedge Transactions and therefore the Issuer’s ability to acquire Non-Euro Obligations and manage interest rate risk. As a result of such increased costs and/or additional regulatory requirements, investors may receive significantly less or no interest or return, as the case may be, as the Collateral Manager may not be able to execute its investment strategy as anticipated. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks posed by EMIR in making any investment decision in respect of the Notes.
The Hedge Agreements may also contain early termination events which are based on the application of EMIR and which may allow the relevant Hedge Counterparty to terminate a Hedge Transaction upon the occurrence of an adverse EMIR related event. The termination of a Hedge Transaction in these circumstances may result in a termination payment being payable by the Issuer. See “Hedging Arrangements”.
The Conditions permit the Issuer to amend, modify and/or supplement any Transaction Document and oblige the Trustee, without the consent of any of the Noteholders, to consent to the making of such amendment, modification or supplement to the Transaction Documents which the Issuer certifies are required to comply with the requirements of EMIR which may become applicable in the future.
2.5 Alternative Investment Fund Managers Directive
EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (“AIFMD”) introduced authorisation and regulatory requirements for managers of alternative investment funds (“AIFs”). If the Issuer were to be considered to be an AIF within the meaning in AIFMD, it would need to be managed by a manager authorised under AIFMD (an “AIFM”). The Collateral Manager is not authorised under AIFMD but is authorised under MiFID II. As the Collateral Manager is not permitted to be authorised under both AIFMD and under MiFID II, it will not be able to apply for an authorisation under AIFMD unless it gives up its authorisation under MiFID II (in which case it may not be able to hold the retention as a “sponsor”, although the Collateral Manager shall hold the retention as “originator” under the EU Retention Requirements (see 2.3 “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Risk Retention and Transparency Requirements – EU Retention and Transparency Requirements”) above). If considered to be an AIF managed by an authorised AIFM, the Issuer would also be classified as an FC under EMIR and may be required to comply with the EMIR clearing obligation and/or risk mitigation techniques for uncleared OTC derivatives contracts (including obligations to exchange margin) with respect to Hedge Transactions (under the Proposal, all AIFs will be FCs whether or not managed by an authorised AIFM). See also 2.4 “European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR)” above.
There is an exemption from the definition of AIF in AIFMD for “securitisation special purpose entities” (the “SSPE Exemption”). The European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) has not yet given any formal guidance on the application of the SSPE Exemption or whether a vehicle such as the Issuer would fall within it. However, as regards the position in Ireland, the Central Bank has confirmed that pending such further clarification from ESMA, “registered financial vehicle corporations” with the meaning of Article 1(2) of Regulation (EC) No 24/2009 of the European Central Bank (which has now been recast pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1075/2013 of the European Central Bank), such as the Issuer, do not need to seek authorisation as an AIF or appoint an AIFM unless the Central Bank issues further guidance advising them to do so.
If the SSPE Exemption does not apply and the Issuer is considered to be an AIF, the Collateral Manager may not be able to continue to manage the Issuer’s assets, or its ability to do so may be impaired. As a result, any application of the AIFMD may affect the return investors receive from their investment.
The Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer and oblige the Trustee, without the consent of any of the Noteholders, to concur with the Issuer in the making of modifications to the Transaction Documents
and/or the Conditions of the Notes to comply with the requirements of AIFMD which may become applicable at a future date.
2.6 U.S. Dodd-Frank Act
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) was signed into law on 21 July 2010. The Dodd-Frank Act represents a comprehensive change to financial regulation in the United States, and affects virtually every area of the capital markets. Implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act has required, and will continue to require, many lengthy rulemaking processes resulting in the adoption of a multitude of new regulations applicable to entities which transact business in the
U.S. or with U.S. persons outside the U.S. The Dodd-Frank Act affects many aspects, in the U.S. and internationally, of the business of the Collateral Manager, including securitisation, proprietary trading, investing, creation and management of investment funds, OTC derivatives and other activities. While many regulations implementing various provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act have been finalised and adopted, some implementing regulations currently exist only in draft form and are subject to comment and revision, and still other implementing regulations have not yet been proposed. It is therefore difficult to predict whether and to what extent the Issuer and the businesses of the Collateral Manager and its subsidiaries and affiliates, will be affected by the Dodd-Frank Act as implementing regulations are finalised over time and come into effect.
The Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) proposed changes to Regulation AB (as defined under the Securities Act) under the Securities Act which would have had the potential to impose new disclosure requirements on securities offerings pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act or pursuant to other SEC regulatory exemptions from registration. Such rules, if adopted, could have restricted the use of this Offering Circular or require the publication of a new prospectus in connection with the issuance and sale of any additional Notes or any Refinancing. On 27 August 2014, the SEC adopted final rules amending Regulation AB that did not implement these proposals. However, the SEC has indicated that it is continuing to consider amendments that were proposed with respect to Regulation AB but not adopted, and that further amendments may be forthcoming in the future. If such amendments are made to Regulation AB in the future, they may place additional requirements and expenses on the Issuer in the event of the issuance and sale of any additional notes, which expenses may reduce the amounts available for distribution to the Noteholders.
None of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Initial Purchaser or the Sole Arranger makes any representation as to such matters. As such, investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks posed by the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules to be promulgated thereunder in making any investment decision in respect of the Notes.
2.7 CFTC Regulations
Pursuant to Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, regulators in the United States have promulgated and continue to promulgate a range of new regulatory requirements that may affect the pricing, terms and compliance costs associated with the entry into any Hedge Transaction by the Issuer and the availability of such Hedge Transactions. Some or all of the Hedge Transactions that the Issuer may enter into may be affected by U.S. derivatives requirements, including: (i) the requirement that certain swaps be centrally cleared and traded on a designated contract market or swap execution facility, (ii) initial or variation margin requirements of any central clearing organisation (with respect to cleared swaps) or initial or variation margin requirements with respect to uncleared swaps, (iii) swap reporting and recordkeeping obligations, and other matters. These new requirements may (x) significantly increase the cost to the Issuer and/or the Collateral Manager of entering into Hedge Transactions such that the Issuer may be unable to purchase certain types of Collateral Obligations, (y) have unforeseen legal consequences on the Issuer or the Collateral Manager or (z) have other material adverse effects on the Issuer or the Noteholders.
Furthermore, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and prudential regulator regulations requiring the posting of variation margin on certain types of uncleared swaps entered into by entities such as the Issuer entered into effect in late 2017. Margin regulations have also been adopted by the SEC, but compliance with such regulations will not be required for in-scope entities until October
2021 at the earliest. Hedge Transactions may be subject to such requirements, depending on the identity of the Hedge Counterparty and the type of transaction. The Trust Deed does not permit the Issuer to post variation margin. Accordingly, the application of United States regulations to a Hedge Transaction or a proposed Hedge Transaction could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to hedge its interest or currency rate exposure, or on the cost of such hedging.
2.8 Commodity Pool Regulation
The Issuer’s ability to enter into Hedge Transactions may cause the Issuer to be a “commodity pool” as defined in the United States Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (“CEA”) and the Collateral Manager to be a “commodity pool operator” (“CPO”) and/or a “commodity trading advisor” (a “CTA”), each as defined in the CEA in respect of the Issuer. The CEA, as amended by the Dodd-Frank Act, defines a “commodity pool” to include certain investment vehicles operated for the purpose of trading in “commodity interests” which includes swaps. CPOs and CTAs are subject to regulation by the CFTC and must register with the CFTC unless an exemption from registration is available. Based on applicable CFTC interpretive guidance, the Issuer is not expected to fall within the definition of a “commodity pool” under the CEA and as such, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on the Issuer’s behalf) may enter into Hedge Agreements (or any other agreement that would fall within the definition of “swap” as set out in the CEA) following receipt of legal advice from reputable counsel to the effect that the entry into such arrangements should not require any of the Issuer, its directors or officers, the Collateral Manager or any of its directors, officers or employees to register with the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a CPO or a CTA with the CFTC with respect to the Issuer.
In the event that trading or entering into one or more Hedge Agreements would result in the Issuer’s activities falling within the definition of a “commodity pool”, the Collateral Manager may cause the Issuer to be operated in compliance with the exemption set forth in CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3) for CPOs to pools whose interests are sold to qualifying investors pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and that limit transactions in commodity interests to the trading thresholds set forth in the Rule. Specifically, under CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3), the Issuer would be required to limit transactions in commodity interests so that either (i) no more than 5% of the liquidation value of the Issuer’s assets is used as margin, premiums and required minimum security deposits to establish such positions, or (ii) the aggregate net notional value of the Issuer’s positions in commodity interests does not exceed 100% of the Issuer’s liquidation value. If the Collateral Manager elects to file for a registration exemption under CFTC Rule 4.13(a)(3), then unlike a CFTC-registered CPO, the Collateral Manager would not be required to deliver a CFTC-mandated disclosure document or a certified annual report to investors, or otherwise comply with the requirements applicable to CFTC-registered CPOs and CTAs. Utilising any such exemption from registration may impose additional costs on the Collateral Manager and the Issuer and may significantly limit the Collateral Manager’s ability to engage in hedging activities on behalf of the Issuer.
Notwithstanding the above, in the event that the CFTC guidance referred to above changes or the Issuer engages in one or more activities that might cause it to fall within the definition of a “commodity pool” under the CEA and no exemption from registration is available, registration of the Collateral Manager as a CPO or a CTA may be required before the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on the Issuer’s behalf) may enter into any Hedge Agreement. Registration of the Collateral Manager as a CPO and/or a CTA could cause the Collateral Manager to be subject to extensive compliance and reporting requirements that would involve material costs which may be passed on to the Issuer. The scope of such compliance costs is uncertain but could adversely affect the amount of funds available to make payments on the Notes.
Further, if the Collateral Manager determines that additional Hedge Transactions should be entered into by the Issuer in excess of the trading limitations set forth in any applicable exemption from registration as a CPO and/or a CTA, the Collateral Manager may elect to withdraw its exemption from registration and instead register with the CFTC as the Issuer’s CPO and/or CTA. The costs of obtaining and maintaining these registrations and the related compliance obligations may be paid by the Issuer as Administrative Expenses. Such costs would reduce the amount of funds available to make payments on the Notes. These costs are uncertain and could be materially greater than the Collateral Manager anticipated when deciding to enter into the transaction and register as a CPO and/or a CTA. In addition,
it may not be possible or advisable for the Collateral Manager to withdraw from registration as a CPO and/or a CTA after any relevant swap transactions terminate or expire. The costs of CPO and/or CTA registration and the ongoing CPO and/or CTA compliance obligations of the Collateral Manager could exceed, perhaps significantly, the financial risks that are being hedged pursuant to any Hedge Transaction.
Neither the CFTC nor the National Futures Association (the “NFA”) pass upon the merits of participating in a pool or upon the adequacy or accuracy of offering memoranda. Consequently, neither the CFTC not the NFA has reviewed or approved this Offering Circular or any related subscription agreement.
2.9 Volcker Rule
Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act (the “Volcker Rule”) prevents “banking entities” (a term which includes affiliates of a U.S. banking organisation as well as affiliates of a foreign banking organisation that has a branch or agency office in the U.S., regardless where such affiliates are located) from
(i) engaging in proprietary trading in financial instruments, or (ii) acquiring or retaining any “ownership interest” in, or in “sponsoring”, a “covered fund”, subject to certain exemptions.
An “ownership interest” is defined widely and may arise through a holder’s exposure to the profits and losses of the “covered fund”, as well as through certain rights of the holder to participate in the selection or removal of an investment advisor, investment manager, or general partner, trustee, or member of the board of directors of the “covered fund”. A “covered fund” is defined widely, and includes any issuer which would be an investment company under the Investment Company Act 1940 (the “ICA”) but is exempt from registration solely in reliance on section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of that Act, subject to certain exemptions found in the Volcker Rule’s implementing regulations.
It should be noted that a commodity pool as defined in the CEA (see 2.8 “Commodity Pool Regulation”, above) could, depending on which CEA exemption is used by such commodity pool or its commodity pool operator, also fall within the definition of a covered fund as described above.
In June 2020, the five federal agencies responsible for implementing the Volcker Rule adopted amendments to the Volcker Rule’s implementing regulations, including changes relevant to the treatment of securitisations (the “Volcker Changes”). Among other things, the Volcker Changes create additional exclusions from the “covered fund” definition, and narrow the definition of “ownership interest” to exclude certain “senior debt interests”. In addition, under the Volcker Changes, a debt interest is no longer considered an “ownership interest” solely because the holder has the right to remove or replace the manager following a cause-related default. The Volcker Changes became effective on 1 October 2020; however it should be noted that in certain circumstances, an adopted regulation, including but not limited to the Volcker Changes, can be rescinded under the Congressional Review Act if a joint resolution of disapproval is adopted by both houses of Congress within a limited number of days following adoption of the regulation.
The Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are issued in subclasses, some of which have voting rights with respect to the removal of, and selection of a replacement for the Collateral Manager, and others of which do not possess such voting rights. Accordingly, U.S. and non U.S. banking entities investing in those classes of Notes will have the option of investing in subclasses that do not by their terms have a right to remove or select the replacement for the Collateral Manager or investing in subclasses which possess such rights. There can be no assurance, however, that owning the Notes of such a subclass without such voting rights (rather than a note of another subclass identical in every respect but for the right to vote to remove or select a replacement for the Collateral Manager) will be effective in resulting in such investments in the Issuer held by U.S. and non U.S. banking entities subject to the Volcker Rule (whether in the form of CM Non-Voting Notes or CM Exchangeable Non-Voting Notes) not being characterised as “ownership interests” in the Issuer.
The Class Z Notes shall not carry any rights to vote in respect of, or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of any votes in respect of any CM Removal Resolutions or CM Replacement Resolutions. There can be no assurance that this feature will be effective in ensuring that
investments in the Class Z Notes by U.S. banking institutions and other “banking entities” subject to the Volcker Rule are not characterised as an “ownership interest” in the Issuer.
Prospective investors should make their own determinations as to whether their investment qualifies as an “ownership interest”.
If the Issuer is deemed to be a “covered fund” the provisions of the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory provisions will severely limit the ability of “banking entities” to hold an “ownership interest” in the Issuer. Any entity that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule and is considering an investment in “ownership interests” of the Issuer should consult its own legal advisors and consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment. If investment by “banking entities” in the Notes of any Class is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the marketability and liquidity of such Notes.
No assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker Rule on the ability of certain investors subject thereto to acquire or retain an interest in the Notes. Each prospective investor in the Notes should independently consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of any investment in the Notes. Investors should conduct their own analysis to determine whether the Issuer is a “covered fund” for their purposes.
2.10 Reliance on Rating Agency Ratings
The Dodd-Frank Act requires that federal banking agencies amend their regulations to remove reference to or reliance on credit agency ratings, including but not limited to those found in the federal banking agencies’ risk-based capital regulations. Investments in asset-backed securities like the Notes by such institutions may result in greater capital charges to financial institutions that own such securities, or otherwise adversely affect the treatment of such securities for regulatory capital purposes. Changes in capital requirements have been announced by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and it is uncertain when all such changes will be fully implemented. When such regulations are fully implemented, investments in asset-backed securities like the Notes by such institutions may result in greater capital charges to financial institutions that own such securities, or otherwise adversely affect the treatment of such securities for regulatory capital purposes. Furthermore, all prospective investors in the Notes whose investment activities are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, regulatory capital requirements, or review by regulatory authorities should consult with their own legal, accounting and other advisors in determining whether, and to what extent, the Notes will constitute legal investments for them or are subject to investment or other regulatory restrictions, unfavourable accounting treatment, capital charges or reserve requirements.
2.11 Flip Clauses
The validity and enforceability of certain provisions in contractual priorities of payments which purport to alter the priority in which a particular secured creditor is paid as a result of the occurrence of one or more specified trigger events, including the insolvency of such creditor (“flip clauses”), have been challenged recently in the English and U.S. courts on the basis that the operation of a flip clause as a result of such creditor’s insolvency breaches the “anti-deprivation” principles of English and U.S. insolvency law. This principle prevents a party from agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors of an asset upon its insolvency.
The English Supreme Court has, in Belmont Park Investments Pty Limited v BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. [2011] UKSC 38, upheld the validity of a flip clause contained in an English-law governed security document, stating that the anti-deprivation principle was not breached by such provisions.
In the U.S. courts, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. v. BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited. (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc.), Adv. Pro. No. 09-1242-JMP (Bankr S.D.N.Y. May 20, 2009) examined a flip clause contained in an indenture related to a swap agreement and held that such a provision, which seeks to modify one creditor’s position in a priority of payments when that creditor files for bankruptcy, is unenforceable
under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Judge Peck also found that the Code’s safe harbour provisions, which protect certain contractual rights under swap agreements, did not apply to the flip clause because the flip clause provisions were contained in the indenture, and not in the swap agreement itself. Judge Peck acknowledged that this has resulted in the U.S. courts coming to a decision “directly at odds with the judgement of the English Courts”. While BNY Corporate Trustee Services Ltd filed a motion for and was granted leave to appeal with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court, the case was settled before the appeal was heard.
On 28 June 2016, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court issued a decision in Lehman Bros. Special Fin. Inc. v. Bank of Am. Nat’l Ass’n (In re Lehman Bros. Holdings Inc.), 553 B.R. 476 (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. 2016). In this decision, the court held that not all priority of payment provisions would be unenforceable ipso facto clauses under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. Instead, the court identified two materially distinct approaches to such provisions. Where a counterparty’s automatic right to payment priority ahead of the noteholders is “flipped” or modified upon, for example, such counterparty’s default under the swap document, the court confirmed that such priority provisions were ipso facto clauses which, in the absence of safe harbour protection, are unenforceable under the Code. Conversely, the court held that priority provisions where no right of priority is established until after a termination event under the swap documents has occurred were not ipso facto clauses, and, therefore, fully enforceable. Moreover, even where the provisions at issue were ipso facto clauses, the Court found that they were nonetheless enforceable under the Code’s safe harbour provisions. Specifically, the Court concluded that priority of distribution was a necessary part of liquidation of a swap agreement, which the safe harbour provisions expressly protect. The Court effectively limited the analysis in the BNY case to instances where the flip provisions are only in an indenture, and do not constitute part of the swap agreement. The U.S. Bankruptcy Court’s holding that priority of distribution was a part of the liquidation of a swap agreement and therefore protected by the Code’s safe harbour provisions was affirmed on appeal by the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on 14 March 2018 (Lehman Bros. Special Fin. Inc. v. Bank of Am. Nat’l Ass’n (In re Lehman Bros. Holdings Inc.), No. 17 CIV. 1224 (LGS), 2018 WL 1322225 (S.D.N.Y. Mar. 14, 2018))
and by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit on 11 August 2020 (Lehman Bros. Special Fin. Inc. v. Branch Banking and Tr. Co. (In re Lehman Bros. Holdings Inc.), No. 18-1079, 2020 WL 4590247 (2d Cir. Aug. 11, 2020)) These judgments highlight the difference in approach taken between U.S. and English law on this subject, although it significantly reduces the practical differences in outcome. In addition, there remain several actions in the U.S. commenced by debtors of Lehman Brothers concerning the enforceability of flip clauses and this is likely to be an area of continued judicial focus particularly in respect of multi-jurisdictional insolvencies.
The flip clause examined in the Belmont case is similar in substance to the relevant provisions in the Priorities of Payment, however the context and manner of subordination which may be applied to a Hedge Counterparty in accordance with such provisions will not be identical; and the judgments in Belmont and subsequent litigation in which the same rule has been applied have noted that English law questions relating to the anti-deprivation principle will be determined on the basis of the particular terms at hand and their commercial context. As such, it is not necessarily settled that the particular flip clauses contained in the Priorities of Payment would certainly be enforceable as a matter of English law, in the case of insolvency of a Hedge Counterparty.
Moreover, if the Priorities of Payment are the subject of litigation in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales, in particular in the United States of America, and such litigation results in a conflicting judgment in respect of the binding nature of the Priorities of Payment, it is possible that termination payments due to the Hedge Counterparties would not be subordinated as envisaged by the Priorities of Payment and as a result, the Issuer’s ability to repay the Noteholders in full may be adversely affected. There is a particular risk of such conflicting judgments where a Hedge Counterparty is the subject of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings outside England and Wales.
2.12 LIBOR and EURIBOR Reform
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) has been reformed, with developments including:
(a) the activities of administering a specified benchmark and of providing information in relation to a specified benchmark becoming regulated activities in the United Kingdom (LIBOR has been a specified benchmark since April 2013);
(b) ICE Benchmark Administration Limited becoming the LIBOR administrator in place of the British Bankers’ Association in February 2014;
(c) a reduction in the number of currencies and tenors for which LIBOR is calculated; and
(d) the introduction of a LIBOR code of conduct for contributing banks.
ICE Benchmark Administration Limited intends to make further reforms to the submission methodology for LIBOR panel banks.
In a speech on 27 July 2017, Andrew Bailey, the Chief Executive of the FCA, announced the FCA’s intention to cease sustaining LIBOR from the end of 2021.
The FCA has statutory powers to compel panel banks to contribute to LIBOR where necessary. The FCA has decided not to ask, or to require, that panel banks continue to submit contributions to LIBOR beyond the end of 2021. The FCA has indicated that the current panel banks will voluntarily sustain LIBOR until the end of 2021. The FCA’s intention is that after 2021, it will no longer be necessary for the FCA to persuade, or to compel, banks to submit to LIBOR. The FCA does not intend to sustain LIBOR through using its influence or legal powers beyond that date.
It is possible that the LIBOR administrator, ICE Benchmark Administration, and the panel banks could continue to produce LIBOR on the current basis after 2021, if they are willing and able to do so. However, the survival of LIBOR in its current form, or at all, is not guaranteed after 2021. If LIBOR does not survive in its current form or at all, this could adversely affect the value of, and amounts payable under, any Collateral Obligations which pay interest calculated with reference to LIBOR and therefore reduce amounts which may be available to the Issuer to pay Noteholders. Furthermore, the uncertainty as to whether LIBOR will survive in its current form or at all may lead to adverse market conditions, which may have an adverse effect on the amounts available to the Issuer to pay to Noteholders.
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (for the purposes of this risk factor, “EURIBOR”), together with LIBOR, and other so-called “benchmarks” are the subject of reform measures by a number of international authorities and other bodies.
In the EU, in September 2013, the European Commission published a proposal for a regulation (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts. The Benchmarks Regulation was published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and entered into force on 30 June 2016. The application date for the majority of its provisions was 1 January 2018. It is directly applicable law across the EU.
The Benchmarks Regulation applies principally to “administrators” and also, in some respects, to “contributors” and certain “users” of “benchmarks”, and will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regulatory regime) and make significant changes to the way in which benchmarks falling within scope of the Benchmarks Regulation are governed (including reforms of governance and control arrangements, obligations in relation to input data, certain transparency and record-keeping requirements and detailed codes of conduct for contributors) and (ii) prevent certain uses of “benchmarks” provided by unauthorised administrators by supervised entities in the EU. The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called “critical benchmark” indices, could also potentially apply to many interest rate and foreign exchange rate indices, equity indices and other indices (including “proprietary” indices or strategies) where used to determine the amount payable under or the value or performance of certain financial instruments traded on a trading venue, financial contracts and investment funds. EURIBOR and LIBOR have been designated “critical benchmarks” for the purposes of the Benchmarks Regulation, by way of European Commission Implementing Regulations published on 12 August 2016 and 28 December 2017, respectively.
Benchmarks such as EURIBOR or LIBOR may be discontinued if they do not comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation, or if the administrator of the benchmark either fails to apply for authorisation or is refused authorisation by its home regulator. On 2 July 2019, the European Money Markets Institute, administrator for EURIBOR, was granted authorisation under the Benchmarks Regulation by the Financial Services and Markets Authority of Belgium. EURIBOR is now considered compliant with the Benchmarks Regulation.
Potential effects of the Benchmarks Regulation include (among other things):
(a) an index which is a “benchmark” could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its administrator does not obtain authorisation or, if based in a non-EU or non-UK jurisdiction, the administrator is not otherwise recognised as equivalent; and
(b) the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (among other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark.
Investors should be aware that:
(a) any of the international, national or other measures or proposals for reform, or general increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks” could have a material adverse effect on the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain “benchmarks”, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain “benchmarks” or lead to the disappearance of certain “benchmarks”;
(b) any of these changes or any other changes could affect the level of the published rate, including to cause it to be lower and/or more volatile than it would otherwise be;
(c) if the applicable rate of interest on any Collateral Obligation is calculated with reference to a benchmark (or currency or tenor) which is discontinued:
(i) such rate of interest will then be determined by the provisions of the affected Collateral Obligation, which may include determination by the relevant calculation agent in its discretion; and
(ii) there may be a mismatch between the replacement rate of interest applicable to the affected Collateral Obligation and the replacement rate of interest the Issuer must pay under any applicable Hedge Agreement. This could lead to the Issuer receiving amounts from affected Collateral Obligations which are insufficient to make the due payment under the Hedge Agreement, and potential termination of the Hedge Agreement;
(d) if any of the relevant EURIBOR benchmarks referenced in Condition 6 (Interest) is discontinued, interest on the Rated Notes will be calculated under Condition 6(e) (Interest on the Rated Notes). In general, fall-back mechanisms which may govern the determination of interest rates where a benchmark rate is not available (such as those described in paragraph (c) immediately above) are not suitable for long term use. Accordingly, in the event a benchmark rate is permanently discontinued, it may be desirable to amend the applicable interest rate provisions in the affected Collateral Obligation, Hedge Agreement or the Notes. Investors should note that the Issuer may, in certain circumstances, amend the Transaction Documents to modify or amend the reference rate in respect of the Notes without the consent of Noteholders to certain Alternative Base Rates set out in Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver), provided that an amendment to any other rate not already set out in paragraph (LL) of Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver) shall require a consent of the Controlling Class and the Subordinated Noteholders within the timescale provided in Condition 14(c) (Modification
and Waiver), in each case, acting by way of Ordinary Resolution. See Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver); and
(e) the administrator of a relevant benchmark will not have any involvement in the Collateral Obligations or the Notes and may take any actions in respect of such benchmark without regard to the effect of such actions on the Collateral Obligations or the Rated Notes.
Any of the above or any other significant changes to EURIBOR or any other benchmark could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and the amount payable under (i) any Collateral Obligations which pay interest linked to a EURIBOR rate or other benchmark (as applicable), and (ii) the Notes (other than the Class B-2 Notes).
2.13 Financial Transaction Tax
In February 2013 the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission Proposal”) for a Council Directive implementing enhanced cooperation for a financial transaction tax (“FTT”) requested by Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain (together, save for Estonia, the “Participating Member States”). On 16 March 2016, Estonia completed the formalities required to cease participation in the enhanced cooperation on FTT.
Under the Commission Proposal, the proposed FTT would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State or the financial instrument in which the parties are dealing is issued in a Participating Member State. The FTT may apply to both transaction parties where one of these circumstances applies. The FTT may also apply to dealings in the Collateral to the extent the Collateral constitutes financial instruments within its scope, such as bonds. In such circumstances, it is not possible to predict with certainty what effect the proposed FTT might have on the business of the Issuer, there will be no gross-up by any party to the transaction and amounts due to Noteholders may be adversely affected.
Certain aspects of the Commission Proposal are controversial and, while the Commission Proposal initially identified the date of introduction of the FTT across the Participating Member States as being 1 January 2014, this anticipated introduction date has been extended on several occasions due to disagreement among the Participating Member States regarding a number of key issues concerning the scope and application of the FTT. Accordingly, the date of implementation of the FTT remains uncertain. Additional Member States may also decide to participate in the FTT. Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to any FTT and its potential impact on their dealings in the Notes before investing.
2.14 Anti-Money Laundering, Anti-Terrorism, Anti-Corruption, Bribery and Similar Laws May Require Certain Actions or Disclosures
Many jurisdictions have adopted wide-ranging anti-money laundering, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, and regulations (collectively, the “AML Requirements”). Any of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, the Trustee or the Agents could be requested or required to obtain certain assurances from prospective investors intending to purchase Notes and to retain such information or to disclose information pertaining to them to governmental, regulatory or other authorities or to financial intermediaries or engage in due diligence or take other related actions in the future. It is expected that the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager and the Trustee will comply with AML Requirements to which they are or may become subject and to interpret such AML Requirements broadly in favour of disclosure. It is expected that each of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager and the Trustee intends to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws, and regulations of the United States and other countries, and will disclose any information required or requested by authorities in connection therewith. A Noteholder may also be obliged to provide information they may have previously identified or regarded as confidential to satisfy the Issuer AML Requirements.
2.15 CRA
Regulation (EU) 462/2013 of the European Parliament and of the European Council amending Regulation EC 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (“CRA3”) came into force on 20 June 2013. CRA3 has subsequently been supplemented by Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/3 of 30 September 2014 (the “CRA3 RTS”).
Article 8(c) of CRA3 has introduced a requirement that where an issuer or a related third party intends to solicit a credit rating of a structured finance instruments, it shall obtain two independent ratings for such instruments. Article 8(d) of CRA3 has introduced a requirement that where an issuer or a related third party intends to appoint at least two credit rating agencies to rate the same instrument, the issuer or a related third party shall consider appointing at least one rating agency having less than a 10 per cent. market share among agencies capable of rating that instrument. The Issuer intends to have two rating agencies appointed, but does not make any representation as to market share of either agency, and any consequences for the Issuer, related third parties and investors if an agency does not have a less than 10 per cent. market share are not specified. Investors should consult their legal advisors as to the applicability of CRA3 and any consequence of non-compliance in respect of their investment in the Notes.
2.16 Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting
On 5 October 2015, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”) published final reports, analyses and sets of recommendations for all of the fifteen actions it identified as part of its Action Plan on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) , which G20 finance ministers then endorsed during a meeting on 8 October 2015 in Lima, Peru (the “Final Report”). The Final Report was endorsed by G20 Leaders during their annual summit on 15-16 November 2015 in Antalya, Turkey.
The focus of one of the actions (Action 6) is the prevention of treaty abuse by developing model treaty provisions to prevent the granting of treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances. The Final Report recommends, as a minimum, that countries should include in their tax treaties: (i) an express statement that the common intention of each contracting state which is party to such treaties is to eliminate double taxation without creating opportunities for non-taxation or reduced taxation through tax evasion or avoidance; and one, or both, of (ii) a “limitation-on-benefits” (“LOB”) rule; and (iii) a “principal purposes test” (“PPT”) rule.
The PPT rule could deny a treaty benefit (such as a reduced rate of withholding tax) if it is reasonable to conclude, having regard to all facts and circumstances, that obtaining that benefit was one of the principal purposes of any arrangement or transaction that resulted directly or indirectly in that benefit, unless it is established that granting that benefit in those circumstances would be in accordance with the object and purpose of the relevant provisions of the treaty.
On 24 November 2016, the OECD published the text and explanatory statement of the “Multilateral Convention to Implement Tax Treaty Related Measures to Prevent Base Erosion and Profit Shifting”, developed by an ad hoc group of 99 countries which included Ireland and the UK (the “Multilateral Instrument”). The Multilateral Instrument is to be applied alongside existing tax treaties (rather than amending them directly), modifying the application of those existing treaties in order to implement BEPS measures.
The United Kingdom and Ireland signed the Multilateral Instrument with both countries indicating that the double tax treaty entered into between the United Kingdom and Ireland is to be designated as a Covered Tax Agreement (“CTA”), being a tax treaty that is to be modified by the Multilateral Instrument. The United Kingdom deposited its instrument of ratification with the OECD on 29 June 2018 and therefore the Multilateral Instrument came into force in respect of the United Kingdom on 1 October 2018. Ireland deposited its instrument of ratification with the OECD on 29 January 2019 and therefore the Multilateral Instrument came into force in respect of Ireland on 1 May 2019. In the case of the UK- Ireland double tax treaty, this change has effect in relation to withholding taxes from 1 January 2020 and for other taxes from 1 November 2019.
Upon ratifying the Multilateral Instrument the United Kingdom and Ireland each provided a list of reservations and notifications to be made pursuant to it. Based on the information contained in these documents and the Multilateral Instrument, Action 6 would be implemented into the CTAs Ireland has entered into with the United Kingdom and other jurisdictions which have ratified the Multilateral Instrument by the inclusion of a PPT.
In particular it remains to be seen what will be the impact of the specific changes that will be made to the UK-Ireland double tax treaty and any other double tax treaty on which the Issuer may rely (for example, in receiving interest from an overseas borrower at a potentially reduced rate of withholding tax under an applicable double tax treaty). A change in the application or interpretation of these double tax treaties (as a result of the adoption of the recommendations of the Final Report by way of the Multilateral Instrument or otherwise) might result in the Issuer being treated as having a taxable permanent establishment outside of Ireland, in denying the Issuer the benefit of Ireland’s network of double tax treaties or in other tax consequences for the Issuer. In each case, this could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, tax and financial position.
It is also possible that Ireland will negotiate other bespoke amendments to its double tax treaties on a bilateral basis in the future which may affect the ability of the Issuer to obtain the benefits of those treaties.
Investors should note that other action points which form part of the OECD BEPS project (such as Action 4, which can deny deductions for financing costs (see EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU Anti- Tax Avoidance Directive 2)) may be implemented in a manner which affects the tax position of the Issuer.
2.17 EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive and EU Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2
As part of its anti-tax avoidance package the EU Commission published a draft Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive on 28 January 2016, which was formally adopted by the EC Council on 12 July 2016 in Council Directive (EU) 2016/1164 (the “Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive”). The Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive was to be implemented by each Member State by 2019, subject to derogations for Member States which have equivalent measures in their domestic law. Amongst the measures contained in the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive is an interest deductibility limitation rule similar to the recommendation contained in the BEPS Action 4 proposals. Ireland previously notified the Commission that it intended to derogate from the interest limitation rules meaning the provisions of the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive on interest deductibility may be deferred in the case of Ireland until potentially 1 January 2024. However, the Department of Finance in its “Corporate Tax – Tax Strategy Group 20/03” paper dated September 2020 has indicated its intention to include final legislation dealing with the interest limitation rule in Finance Bill 2021, to take effect from 1 January 2022. The Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive provides that interest costs in excess of the higher of (a) EUR 3,000,000 or (b) 30 per cent. of an entity’s earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation will not be deductible in the year in which they are incurred but would remain available for carry forward. However, the restriction on interest deductibility would only be in respect of the amount by which the borrowing costs exceed “interest revenues and other equivalent taxable revenues from financial assets”. Accordingly, as the Issuer will generally fund interest payments it makes under the Notes from interest payments to which it is entitled under Collateral Obligations (that is such that the Issuer pays limited or no net interest), the restriction may be of limited relevance to the Issuer even if the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive were implemented as originally published. There is also a carve out in the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive for financial undertakings, although as currently drafted the Issuer would not be treated as a financial undertaking. The European Commission is also pursuing other initiatives, such as the introduction of a common corporate tax base, the impact of which, if implemented, is uncertain. On 21 February 2017, the Economic and Financial Affairs Council of the European Union agreed an amendment to the Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive to provide for minimum standards for counteracting hybrid mismatches involving EU Member States and third countries (“Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2”). Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 requires EU Member States to either deny (or, in some circumstances, delay) deduction of payments, expenses or losses or include payments as taxable income, in case of hybrid mismatches. Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 2 applies as of 1 January 2020, except for the provision on reverse hybrid mismatches for which implementation can be postponed to 31 December 2021, and will apply as of 1 January 2022. In accordance with ATAD 2 Ireland has introduced hybrid mismatch rules. These rules are designed to
neutralise cross border arrangements where amounts are deductible from the income of one entity but are not taxable for another, or the same amounts are deductible for two entities. These rules could potentially apply to the Issuer where, for example: (i) the interest that it pays under the Notes, and claims deductions for, is not brought into account as taxable income by the relevant Noteholder, either because of the characterisation of the Notes, or the payments made under them, or because of the nature of the Noteholder itself; and (ii) the mismatch arises between associated enterprises, between the Issuer and an associated enterprise or under a structured arrangement.
It is not clear if the Issuer would have any associated enterprise; however, if the Issuer has or had at any time an associated enterprise, unless there is a hybrid mismatch, then the measures should not impact payments on the Notes.
For the purposes of the hybrid rules, a structured arrangement is one involving a mismatch outcome where the mismatch outcome is priced into the terms of the arrangement or the arrangement was designed to give rise to a mismatch outcome. Absent any guidance from the Irish Revenue Commissioners on how they will approach structured arrangements, it is not yet clear whether there is any potential for the hybrid rules to apply to the Notes.
2.18 Taxation Implications of Contributions
A Subordinated Noteholder may, in certain circumstances, provide the Issuer with cash by way of a contribution in accordance with Condition 3(e)(i) (Reinvestment Amounts). Subordinated Noteholders may become subject to taxation in relation to the making of a contribution. Subordinated Noteholders are responsible for any and all taxation liabilities that may be applicable in such circumstances. Subordinated Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the tax treatment to them of making a contribution in accordance with Condition 3(e)(i) (Reinvestment Amounts).
2.19 Diverted Profits Tax
The Finance Act 2015 introduced a relatively new tax in the United Kingdom called the “diverted profits tax” which is charged at 25 per cent. of any “taxable diverted profits”. The tax has had effect from 1 April 2015 and may apply in circumstances including where arrangements are designed to ensure that a non-UK resident company does not carry on a trade in the United Kingdom through a permanent establishment, the non-resident company supplies goods, services or other property in the course of that non-resident company’s trade and it is reasonable to assume that arrangements are in place the main purpose or one of the main purposes of which is to avoid United Kingdom corporation tax.
The basis upon which HM Revenue & Customs will apply the diverted profits tax in practice remains uncertain although it should be noted that there are specific exemptions for United Kingdom investment managers who enter into transactions on behalf of certain overseas persons and in respect of which the investment manager exemption would apply and a general exemption where the activities of the non-UK resident company in the United Kingdom are carried out by an agent of independent status which is not connected to such non-UK resident company. Should the Collateral Manager be assessed to diverted profits tax, it will in certain circumstances be entitled to an indemnity from the Issuer. Any payment to be made by the Issuer under this indemnity will be paid as Administrative Expenses of the Issuer as specified in the Interest Proceeds Priorities of Payment, the Principal Priority of Payments or the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, as applicable. It should be noted that H.M. Revenue & Customs would be entitled to seek to assess the Issuer to any diverted profits tax due directly rather than through the Collateral Manager as its UK tax representative. Should the Issuer be assessed directly on this basis, the Issuer will be liable to pay such amounts in accordance with the Interest Priorities of Payment, the Principal Priority of Payments or the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, as applicable. If United Kingdom diverted profits tax were to be imposed upon the Issuer, then in certain circumstances the Notes may be redeemed (in whole but not in part) at the option of each of either (i) the Controlling Class or the Subordinated Noteholders in each case acting by Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) the Collateral Manager. See Condition 7(g) (Redemption following a Note Tax Event).
2.20 Imposition of unanticipated Taxes on Issuer / Irish Value Added Tax Treatment of the Collateral Management Fees
The Issuer has been advised that under current Irish domestic law, the Collateral Management Fees should be exempt from VAT. This is on the basis that they should be treated as consideration paid for collective portfolio management services provided to a “qualifying company” as defined in section 110 of the TCA.
This exemption is based upon Article 135(1)(g) of Council Directive 2006/112/EC on the Common System of Value Added Tax (the “VAT Directive”), which provides that EU member states shall exempt from VAT the management of “special investment funds” as defined by EU member states.
Historically, a similar position has been taken by the Netherlands. However, recent developments have changed this and, in February 2020, the Dutch tax authorities issued letters to participants in the Dutch CLO market explaining that collateral management and administration services are subject to VAT in the Netherlands with effect from 1 April 2019. This change in approach stems in part from the decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union on 9 December 2015 in the case of Staatssecretaris van Financiën v Fiscale Eenheid X NV cs Case C-595/13. The Fiscale Eenheid X case concerned whether a Dutch fund investing in real estate could qualify as a “special investment fund”. The Court decided that funds such as those under consideration that are not UCITS could only qualify as “special investment funds” if they are “subject to specific State supervision” because only “investment funds that are subject to specific State supervision can be subject to the same conditions of competition and appeal to the same circle of investors” as UCITS. However, on 22 April 2020, the Dutch tax authorities subsequently provided written guidance confirming that, although collateral management and administration fees remain subject to VAT, this will not apply with retroactive effect.
Partly in response to the Fiscale Eenheid X case, the European Commission has asked an advisory body (the “VAT Committee”) (comprising representatives from tax authorities of all of the Member States and chaired by a representative from the European Commission) to shed light on the types of entities that can also qualify as “special investment funds”. A large majority of the VAT Committee concluded that an entity cannot qualify as a “special investment fund” if it cannot be seen to target the same circle of investors as UCITS either because of the characteristics of its investment portfolio or because of the conditions under which investors are permitted to participate in the fund.
The views expressed by the VAT Committee are merely advisory and do not necessarily have the agreement of the European Commission. Furthermore, its views are not legally binding and the courts may disagree with them. There is nevertheless a risk that the European Commission will accept the views of the VAT Committee and will conclude that entities such as the Issuer cannot qualify as a “special investment funds” because they are either not subject to the right sort of regulatory supervision in Ireland and/or because they do not target the same circle of investors as UCITS.
Member States have a degree of discretion on how to define “special investment funds” and therefore there are some discrepancies amongst Member States on the meaning of the term. The Fiscale Eenheid X case was about how broad that discretion is. The application of the VAT exemption for “special investment funds” could now be reviewed at a Member State level and/or by the European Commission to ensure that the definitions used are within the ambit of discretion permitted by the VAT Directive.
The Issuer is not aware of any proposal to amend Irish domestic law to remove the exemption from VAT on collateral management fees paid by entities such as the Issuer. However, it is possible that some Member States (including Ireland) could change their domestic VAT laws, or the European Commission could require them to do so. If so, the Issuer could from then be required to account for VAT in Ireland in respect of the Collateral Management Fees. The standard VAT rate in Ireland is currently 23%. It is also possible that Ireland could be required to recover the benefit of the VAT exemption obtained before the date on which the law changes from the Issuer together with interest.
The imposition of VAT in Ireland on the Collateral Management Fees will not constitute a Note Tax Event or a Collateral Tax Event. Accordingly, Noteholders will not become entitled to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) or Condition 7(b)(iii) (Optional Redemption upon the occurrence of a Collateral Tax Event) as a consequence thereof. Furthermore, it may not be possible to substitute the Issuer with another company that is incorporated in
another jurisdiction within the European Economic Area that does not charge VAT on CLO collateral management fees.
2.21 The Common Reporting Standard
The common reporting standard framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014 as a result of the G20 members endorsing a global model of automatic exchange of information in order to increase international tax transparency. On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters was published by the OECD and this includes the Common Reporting Standard (the “CRS”). The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of financial account information reported to them by local reporting financial institutions (as defined) (“FIs”) relating to account holders who are tax resident in other participating jurisdictions.
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation (“DAC II”) implements the CRS in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange financial account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis.
Ireland is a signatory jurisdiction to a Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information in respect of the CRS. Sections 891F and 891G of the TCA contain measures necessary to implement the CRS internationally and across the European Union, respectively. The Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions Regulations 2015 of Ireland (the “Regulations”) gave effect to the CRS and the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in the Field of Taxation Regulations 2015 gave effect to DAC II from 1 January 2016.
The Irish Revenue Commissioners have issued regulations to implement the requirements of the CRS and DAC II into Irish law under which Irish FIs (such as the Issuer) will be obliged to make a single return in respect of CRS and DAC II. For the purposes of complying with its obligations under CRS and DAC II, an Irish FI (such as the Issuer) shall be entitled to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their and, in certain circumstances, their controlling persons’ tax status, identity or residence in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the Issuer may have as a result of CRS and DAC II and Noteholders will be deemed, by their holding to have authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) or any other person to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The information will be provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners who will exchange the information with the tax authorities of other participating jurisdictions, as applicable. Failure by an Irish FI to comply with its CRS and DAC II obligations may result in the Issuer being deemed to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations and monetary penalties may be imposed on a non-compliant FI under Irish legislation.
The Issuer (or any nominated service provider) will agree that information (including the identity of any Noteholder) supplied for the purposes of CRS and DAC II compliance is intended for the Issuer’s (or any nominated service provider’s) use for the purposes of satisfying CRS and DAC II requirements and the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) will agree, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that it will take reasonable steps to treat such information in a confidential manner, except that the Issuer may disclose such information (i) to its officers, directors, agents and advisors, (ii) to the extent reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with tax matters, including achieving CRS and DAC II compliance,
(iii) to any person with the consent of the applicable Noteholder, or (iv) as otherwise required by law or court order or on the advice of its advisors. Further information in relation to CRS can be found on the Automatic Exchange of Information webpage on www.revenue.ie.
2.22 Regulated Banking Activity
While non-bank lending is currently being promoted within the EU, in many jurisdictions, especially in continental Europe, engaging in lending activities “in” certain jurisdictions particularly via the original extension of credit granting a loan and in some cases including purchases of receivables, discounting of invoices, guarantee transactions or otherwise (collectively, “Regulated Banking Activities”) is generally considered a regulated financial activity and, accordingly, must be conducted in compliance with applicable local banking laws (or the AIFMD, in the case of European long-term investment funds).
Although a number of jurisdictions have consulted and published guidance on non-bank lending, in many such jurisdictions, there is comparatively little statutory, regulatory or interpretive guidance issued by the competent authorities or other authoritative guidance as to what constitutes the conduct of Regulated Banking Activities in such jurisdictions.
Collateral Obligations subject to these local law requirements may restrict the Issuer’s ability to purchase the relevant Collateral Obligation or may require it to obtain exposure via a Participation. Moreover, these regulatory considerations may differ depending on the country in which each Obligor is located or domiciled, on the type of Obligor and other considerations. Therefore, at the time when Collateral Obligations are acquired by the Issuer, there can be no assurance that, as a result of the application of regulatory law, rule or regulation or interpretation thereof by the relevant governmental body or agency, or change in such application or interpretation thereof by such governmental body or agency, payments on the Collateral Obligations might not in the future be adversely affected as a result of such application of regulatory law or that the Issuer might become subject to proceedings or action by the relevant governmental body or agency, which if determined adversely to the Issuer, may adversely affect its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
2.23 EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive
The EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive (2014/59/EU) (collectively with secondary and implementing EU rules, and national implementing legislation, the “BRRD”) equips national authorities in Member States (the “Resolution Authorities”) with tools and powers for preparatory and preventive measures, early supervisory intervention and resolution of credit institutions and significant investment firms (collectively, “relevant institutions”). If a relevant institution enters into an arrangement with the Issuer and is deemed likely to fail in the circumstances identified in the BRRD, the relevant Resolution Authority may employ such tools and powers in order to intervene in the relevant institution’s failure (including in the case of derivatives transactions, powers to close-out such transactions or suspend any rights to close-out such transactions). In particular, liabilities of relevant institutions arising out of the Transaction Documents or Underlying Instruments (for example, liabilities arising under Participations or provisions in Underlying Instruments requiring lenders to share amounts) not otherwise subject to an exception, could be subject to the exercise of “bail-in” powers of the relevant Resolution Authorities. It should be noted that certain secured liabilities of relevant institutions are excepted. If the relevant Resolution Authority decides to “bail-in” the liabilities of a relevant institution, then subject to certain exceptions set out in the BRRD, the liabilities of such relevant institution could, among other things, be reduced, converted or extinguished in full. As a result, the Issuer and ultimately, the Noteholders may not be able to recover any liabilities owed by such an entity to the Issuer. In addition, a relevant Resolution Authority may exercise its discretions in a manner that produces different outcomes amongst institutions resolved in different EU Member States. It should also be noted that similar powers and provisions are being considered in the context of financial institutions of other jurisdictions.
The European Commission adopted a set of draft regulatory technical standards in respect of the valuation of derivatives for the purposes of the BRRD on 23 May 2016. They were published in the Official Journal on 8 July 2016 and entered into force on 28 July 2016 and provide, among other things, that the relevant Resolution Authorities will have the power to terminate swap agreements (as part of the bail-in process) and to value the position thereunder. This will therefore limit any control the Issuer or the Trustee may have in respect of the valuation process, which may be detrimental to the Issuer and consequently, the Noteholders.
Resolution Authorities also have the right to amend certain agreements, under applicable laws, regulations and guidance (“Stay Regulations”), to ensure stays or overrides of certain termination rights. Such special resolution regimes (“SRRs”) vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, including differences in their respective implementation dates. In the UK, the Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) has implemented rules (Appendix 1 to the PRA’s policy statement 25/15) which requires relevant institutions to ensure that the discretion of the PRA to temporarily suspend termination and security interests under the relevant SRR is respected by counterparties. Any applicable Stay Regulations may result in the Issuer not being able to immediately enforce liabilities owed by relevant institutions that are subject to “stays” under SRRs.
The resolution mechanisms under the BRRD correspond closely to those available to the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) and the European Commission under the single resolution mechanism provided for in Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 (the “SRM Regulation”). The SRM Regulation applies to participating Member States (including Member States outside the Euro zone that voluntarily participate through a close co-operation agreement). In such jurisdictions, the SRB will take on many of the functions that would otherwise be assigned to national Resolution Authorities by the BRRD. If a Member State outside the Euro zone has chosen not to participate in the bank single supervisory mechanism, relevant institutions established in such Member State will not be subject to the SRM Regulation, but to the application of the BRRD by the Resolution Authorities. It is possible, on the specific facts of a case, that resolution plans and resolution decisions made by the SRB may differ from the resolution schemes that would have been applied by the Resolution Authorities. Therefore, the way in which a relevant institution is resolved and ultimately, the effect of any such resolution on the Issuer and the Noteholders may vary depending on the authority applying the resolution framework.
2.24 Centre of Main Interests
The Issuer has its registered office in Ireland. Under Regulation (EU) No. 2015/848 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2015 on insolvency proceedings (recast) (the “Recast EU Insolvency Regulation”), the Issuer’s centre of main interest (“COMI”) is presumed to be the place of its registered office (i.e. Ireland) in the absence of proof to the contrary and provided that the Issuer did not move its registered office within the 3 months prior to a request to open insolvency proceedings.
As the Issuer’s COMI is presumed to be Ireland, any main insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer would fall within the jurisdiction of the courts of Ireland. As to what might constitute “proof to the contrary” regarding the location of a company’s COMI, the key decision is that in Re Eurofood IFSC Ltd ([2004] 4 IR 370 (Irish High Court); [2006] IESC 41 (Irish Supreme Court); [2006] Ch 508; ECJ Case C-341/04 (European Court of Justice)), given in respect of the equivalent provision in the previous EU Insolvency Regulation (Regulation (EC) No. 1346/2000). In that case, on a reference from the Irish Supreme Court, the European Court of Justice concluded that “factors which are both objective and ascertainable by third parties” would be needed to demonstrate that a company’s actual situation is different from that which the location of its registered office is deemed to reflect. For instance, if a company with its registered office in Ireland does not carry on any business in Ireland, that could rebut the presumption that the company’s COMI is in Ireland. However, if a company with its registered office in Ireland does carry on business in Ireland, the fact that its economic choices are controlled by a parent undertaking in another jurisdiction would not, of itself, be sufficient to rebut the presumption.
As the Issuer has its registered office in Ireland, has Irish directors, is registered for tax in Ireland and has retained an Irish corporate services provider, the Issuer does not believe that factors exist that would rebut the presumption that its COMI is located in Ireland, although this would ultimately be a matter for the relevant court to decide based on the circumstances existing at the time when it was asked to make that decision. If the Issuer’s COMI was found to be in another EU jurisdiction and not in Ireland, main insolvency proceedings would be opened in that jurisdiction instead.
2.25 Central Securities Depositories Regulation
Regulation (EU) No. 909/2014 of 23 July 2014 (the “CSDR”) requires that, amongst other things, from 1 January 2025 any EU issuer that issues transferable securities which are admitted to trading on a trading venue, multilateral trading facility or organised trading facility must arrange for such securities to be represented in book-entry form. The Global Exchange Market is a multilateral trading facility for this purpose, and it is therefore expected that the Issuer will be required to comply with the CSDR in respect of the Notes. Accordingly, if any Notes are represented by Definitive Certificates, the Issuer will be required to take action prior to 1 January 2025 to exchange such Definitive Certificates for interests in a Global Certificate, and in connection with which any holders of Definitive Certificates would be required to accept interests in a Global Certificate in exchange for their Definitive Certificates (and in particular, any Class E Noteholders, Class F Noteholders, Class Z Noteholders or Subordinated Noteholders who acquire and hold Definitive Certificates on or following the Issue Date in accordance with the terms hereof, will be so required to exchange their Definitive Certificates for interests in Global Certificates). There is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to successfully implement such an exchange in all cases
in order to comply with the CSDR and, any failure to so comply could result in the Issuer (or other transaction parties) becoming subject to sanctions which could have a material adverse effect on Noteholders.
3. RELATING TO THE NOTES
3.1 Limited Liquidity and Restrictions on Transfer
Neither the Sole Arranger nor the Initial Purchaser (or any of their affiliates) is under any obligation to make a market for the Notes. The Notes are illiquid investments. Any indicative prices provided by the Initial Purchaser or its Affiliates shall be determined in the Initial Purchaser’s sole discretion taking into account prevailing market conditions and shall not be a representation by the Initial Purchaser or its Affiliates that any instrument can be purchased or sold at such prices (or at all). Notwithstanding the above, the Initial Purchaser or its Affiliates may suspend or terminate making a market and/or providing indicative prices without notice, at any time and for any reason. There can be no assurance that any secondary market for any of the Notes will develop or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the Noteholders with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the life of such Notes or that any available sale price will be at par. Consequently, a purchaser must be prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until the Maturity Date. In addition, no sale, assignment, participation, pledge or transfer of the Notes may be effected if, among other things, it would require any of the Issuer or any of their officers or Directors (as the case may be) to register under, or otherwise be subject to the provisions of, the Investment Company Act or any other similar legislation or regulatory action. Furthermore, the Notes will not be registered under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws, and the Issuer has no plans, and is under no obligation, to register the Notes under the Securities Act. The Notes are subject to certain transfer restrictions and can be transferred only to certain transferees. See “Plan of Distribution” and “Transfer Restrictions”. Such restrictions on the transfer of the Notes may further limit their liquidity.
In addition, CM Non-Voting Notes may not be exchanged at any time into CM Voting Notes or CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and there are restrictions as to the circumstances in which CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes may be exchanged for CM Voting Notes. Such restrictions on exchange may limit the liquidity of the CM Non-Voting Notes and the CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes.
3.2 Optional Redemption and Market Volatility
The market value of the Collateral Obligations may fluctuate, with, among other things, changes in prevailing interest rates, foreign exchange rates, general economic conditions, the conditions of financial markets (particularly the markets for senior and mezzanine loans and high yield bonds), European and international political events, events in the home countries of the issuers of the Collateral Obligations or the countries in which their assets and operations are based, developments or trends in any particular industry and the financial condition of such issuers. The secondary market for senior and mezzanine loans and high yield bonds is still limited. A decrease in the market value of the Portfolio would adversely affect the amount of proceeds which could be realised upon liquidation of the Portfolio and ultimately the ability of the Issuer to redeem the Notes.
A form of liquidity for the Subordinated Notes is the optional redemption provision set out in Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption). There can be no assurance, however, that such optional redemption provision will be capable of being exercised in accordance with the conditions set out in Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) which may, in some cases, require a determination that the amount realisable from the Portfolio in such circumstances is greater than the aggregate of all amounts which would be due and payable on redemption of the Rated Notes and to the other creditors of the Issuer pursuant to Condition 11(b) (Enforcement) which rank in priority to payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Priorities of Payment and certain other amounts.
3.3 The Notes are subject to Optional Redemption in whole or in part by Class.
The Rated Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part from Sale Proceeds and/or Refinancing Proceeds and, in the case of a partial redemption, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds:
(a) in the case of a redemption in whole on any Business Day falling on or after the expiry of the Non-Call Period (x) by way of a Refinancing, at the option of (i) the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) subject to the consent of the Collateral Manager or (ii) the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution (which may be by Written Resolution)), and (y) solely through the liquidation or realisation of the Portfolio, at the option of (i) the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) or (ii) the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution (which may be by Written Resolution)) in each case (in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption)), subject to and in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed;
(b) in the case of a redemption in part on any Business Day falling on or after the expiry of the Non-Call Period by way of a Refinancing, at the option of (i) both the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) and the Collateral Manager or
(ii) the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution (which may be by Written Resolution)), in each case (in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption)), subject to and in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed;
(c) on any Business Day following the occurrence of a Note Tax Event at the direction of (i) the Controlling Class or the Subordinated Noteholders, in each case acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) the Collateral Manager; or
(d) on any Business Day following the occurrence of a Collateral Tax Event in whole (with respect to all Classes of Rated Notes) at the option of (i) the Subordinated Noteholders acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) the Collateral Manager,
in each case subject to certain requirements and conditions set out in the Conditions (including, where such Optional Redemption is effected through Refinancing, the consent of the Collateral Manager). See Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase). Investors should carefully review the circumstances and requirements set out in Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase).
In addition, the Rated Notes of any Class may be redeemed by the Issuer at the applicable Redemption Prices, from Refinancing Proceeds and, in the case of a partial redemption, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds (in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing)) on any Business Day falling on or after expiry of the Non-Call Period (A) at the direction of both the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) and the Collateral Manager, or (B) at the written direction of the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution), to redeem such Class of Rated Notes. No such Optional Redemption may occur unless the Rated Notes to be redeemed represent the entire Class of such Rated Notes. See Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption).
Following the expiry of the Non-Call Period, the Issuer shall redeem the Rated Notes in whole from Sale Proceeds on any Business Day, if the Collateral Principal Amount is less than 20 per cent. of the Target Par Amount and such redemption is directed in writing by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed.
Prior to any Optional Redemption, the Issuer shall procure that at least 15 (or such shorter period of time as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator) days’ prior to the scheduled Redemption Date, written notice is given to the Collateral Manager, the Trustee, each Hedge Counterparty and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
As described in Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing), Refinancing Proceeds may be used in connection with either a redemption in whole of the
Rated Notes or a redemption in part of the Rated Notes by Class. In the case of a Refinancing upon a redemption of the Rated Notes in whole but not in part, such Refinancing will only be effective if (among other things) the Refinancing Proceeds, all Sale Proceeds from the sale of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments received in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Trust Deed, and all other available funds will be at least sufficient to pay all accrued and unpaid Administrative Expenses and Trustee Fees and Expenses and all amounts due and payable in respect of all Classes of Notes (including without limitation Deferred Interest on any Class of Notes entitled thereto) save for the Subordinated Notes and all amounts payable in priority thereto (subject to any election to receive less than 100 per cent. of Redemption Price) on such Redemption Date when applied in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments.
In the case of a Refinancing upon a redemption of the Rated Notes in part by Class, such Refinancing will only be effective if certain conditions are satisfied including but not limited to: (i) receipt of consent from the Collateral Manager; (ii) any redemption of a Class of Notes is a redemption of the entire Class which is subject to the redemption; and (iii) the sum of (A) the Refinancing Proceeds and (B) the Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds, will be at least sufficient to pay in full (x) the aggregate Redemption Prices of the entire Class or Classes of Rated Notes subject to the Optional Redemption; plus (y) all Trustee Fees and Expenses and all Administrative Expenses (in the order of priority set out in the definition thereof), each to the extent incurred in connection with such Refinancing.
As described in Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing), the Issuer may, on any Business Day (including any time prior to the Non-Call Period) at the written direction of the Collateral Manager, in order for the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder and/or any “sponsor” or “originator” (or analogous party) of the Issuer (in each case, as applicable) to comply with the EU Retention Requirements and/or the U.S. Retention Regulations (if applicable) and provided that certain conditions are met (as further described in Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing), redeem in part on a pro rata basis the Specified Percentage of each Class of Notes. Investors should note that such Regulatory Refinancing may result in their voting rights being diluted.
The Trust Deed provides that the holders of the Subordinated Notes will not have any cause of action against any of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator or the Trustee for any failure to obtain a Refinancing. If a Refinancing meeting the requirements of the Trust Deed is entered into, the Issuer and, at the direction of the Collateral Manager, the Trustee shall amend the Trust Deed if the Issuer certifies to the Trustee (upon which certification the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability) that such amendment is in order to facilitate such Refinancing or is necessary to reflect the terms of the Refinancing (including any modification to remove the rights of the Subordinated Noteholders or any other party to direct the Issuer to redeem the Refinancing Obligations issued in respect thereof by way of a further Refinancing) and no consent for such amendments shall be required from the holders of the Notes other than the holders of the Subordinated Notes acting by way of Ordinary Resolution. No assurance can be given that any such amendments to the Trust Deed or the terms of any Refinancing will not adversely affect the holders of any Class or Classes of Notes not subject to redemption (or, in the case of the Subordinated Notes, the holders of the Subordinated Notes who do not direct such redemption).
The Subordinated Notes may also be redeemed at their Redemption Price, in whole but not in part, on any Business Day on or after the redemption or repayment in full of the Rated Notes, at the direction of either of (x) the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) or (y) the Collateral Manager.
In the event of an early redemption, the holders of the Notes will be repaid prior to the Maturity Date. Where the Notes are to be redeemed by liquidation, there can be no assurance that the Sale Proceeds realised and other available funds would permit any distribution on the Subordinated Notes after all required payments are made to the holders of the Rated Notes. In addition, an Optional Redemption could require the Collateral Manager to liquidate positions more rapidly than would otherwise be desirable, which could adversely affect the realised value of the Collateral Obligations sold.
Where the Rated Notes are redeemable at the discretion of a transaction party or a particular Class of Noteholders, there is no obligation to consider the interests of any other party or Class of Noteholders when exercising such discretion. Noteholders of a Class of Rated Notes that are redeemed through a Refinancing in whole should be aware that the Applicable Margin of any new notes will be equal to or lower than the Applicable Margin of such Rated Notes immediately prior to such Refinancing.
3.4 The Notes are subject to Special Redemption at the option of the Collateral Manager
The Notes will be subject to redemption in part by the Issuer on any Payment Date during the Reinvestment Period if the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion provides written certification to the Trustee (on which the Trustee may rely without enquiry or liability) that it (A) has been unable, for a period of at least 20 consecutive Business Days using commercially reasonable endeavours, to identify additional Collateral Obligations or Substitute Collateral Obligations that are deemed appropriate by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion and which would meet the Eligibility Criteria and where acquisition by the Issuer would be in compliance with, to the extent applicable, the Reinvestment Criteria in sufficient amounts to permit the investment or reinvestment of all or a portion of the funds then in the Principal Account to be invested in additional or Substitute Collateral Obligations or (B) at any time after the Effective Date, has determined, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, that a redemption is required in order to avoid a Rating Event. On the Special Redemption Date, the Special Redemption Amount will be applied in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. The application of funds in that manner could result in an elimination, deferral or reduction of amounts available to make payments with respect to the Subordinated Notes.
3.5 Mandatory Redemption of the Notes
Certain mandatory redemption arrangements may result in an elimination, deferral or reduction in the interest payments or principal repayments made to the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders and the Class Z Noteholders or the level of the returns to the Subordinated Noteholders, including in relation to mandatory redemption following the breach of any of the Coverage Tests. See Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption upon Breach of Coverage Tests).
3.6 The Reinvestment Period may terminate early
The Reinvestment Period may terminate early if any of the following occur: (a) acceleration following a Note Event of Default or (b) the Collateral Manager certifies to the Issuer, the Rating Agencies and the Trustee that it is unable to reinvest in additional Collateral Obligations in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Early termination of the Reinvestment Period could adversely affect returns to the Subordinated Noteholders and may also cause the holders of Rated Notes to receive principal payments earlier than anticipated.
3.7 The Collateral Manager may reinvest after the end of the Reinvestment Period
After the end of the Reinvestment Period, the Collateral Manager may continue to reinvest Unscheduled Principal Proceeds received in respect of Collateral Obligations and the Sale Proceeds from the sale of Credit Risk Obligations and Credit Improved Obligations, subject to certain conditions set forth in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Reinvestment of Unscheduled Principal Proceeds and Sale Proceeds from the sale of Credit Risk Obligations and Credit Improved Obligations will likely have the effect of extending the Weighted Average Life of the Collateral Obligations and the average lives of the Notes.
3.8 Certain Actions May Prevent the Failure of Coverage Tests and/or a Note Event of Default Investors should note that, pursuant to the Transaction Documents:
(a) Additional issuances
At any time, subject to certain conditions, the Issuer may issue and sell additional Notes and use the net proceeds to acquire Collateral Obligations and, if applicable, enter into additional Hedge Transactions in connection with the Issuer’s issuance of, and making payments on, the Notes
and ownership of and disposition of the Collateral Obligations or (in the case of the proceeds of a further issuance of Subordinated Notes) deposit the net proceeds into the Supplemental Reserve Account to be applied for the purposes of a Permitted Use (see Condition 17 (Additional Issuances)).
(b) Redirection of funds
The Collateral Manager may, pursuant to the Priorities of Payment, redirect funds, including by deferring or waiving payment of some or all of its Collateral Management Fees that would otherwise have been payable to it to be applied towards the acquisition of additional Collateral Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loans or other Permitted Uses or designated as a Supplemental Reserve Amount.
A Class Z Noteholder may, in certain circumstances, provide the Issuer with cash or designate an amount that would otherwise have been due to it under the Priorities of Payments, to be applied toward the acquisition of additional Collateral Obligations or other Permitted Uses.
(c) Collateral Manager Advances
The Collateral Manager may make Collateral Manager Advances (as defined herein) pursuant to Condition 3(m) (Collateral Manager Advances) from time to time prior to the expiry of the Reinvestment Period to the extent there are insufficient sums standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account to purchase or exercise rights under Collateral Enhancement Obligations which the Collateral Manager determines on behalf of the Issuer should be purchased or exercised or for any other Permitted Use. Outstanding Collateral Manager Advances may accrue interest at a rate of EURIBOR plus 2.0 per cent. per annum.
(d) Reinvestment Amounts
The Subordinated Noteholders may provide the Issuer with a cash advance at any time or may elect to designate some or all of the Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds otherwise due to them in accordance with the Priorities of Payments at any time provided that the procedures of the clearing systems can facilitate such designation) by way of a Reinvestment Amount. The Collateral Manager will decide (in its sole discretion) whether such Reinvestment Amount is accepted and, if so accepted, the Permitted Use to which such Reinvestment Amount shall be applied.
The Collateral Manager may also designate all or a portion of any Incentive Collateral Management Fee as a Reinvestment Amount pursuant to the Priorities of Payments.
Any of the above actions could result in satisfaction of a Coverage Test that would otherwise be failing and therefore potentially decrease the occurrence of principal prepayments of the highest ranking Class of Notes. Likewise, any such action could prevent a Note Event of Default which would otherwise have occurred and therefore potentially result in the Notes continuing to be outstanding in circumstances where the Controlling Class may otherwise have had the right to direct the Trustee to accelerate the Notes. Consequentially, the average life of the Notes may be longer than it would otherwise be (see 3.17 (“Average Life and Prepayment Considerations”) below).
3.9 Additional Issuances of Notes may Result in the Dilution of Existing Noteholders
The issuance and sale of additional Notes in accordance with Condition 17 (Additional Issuances) requires that existing Noteholders shall be afforded the opportunity to purchase additional Notes of the relevant Class in an amount not to exceed the percentage of the relevant Class of Notes each holder held immediately prior to the issuance of such additional Notes. To the extent that an existing Noteholder determines not to purchase such additional Notes, or purchases only a portion of its entitlement thereof, the proportion of the Notes held by such holder may be diluted following such additional issuance.
3.10 Limited Recourse Obligations
The Notes are limited recourse obligations of the Issuer and are payable solely from amounts received in respect of the Collateral securing the Notes. Payments on the Notes both prior to and following enforcement of the security over the Collateral are subordinated to the prior payment of certain fees and expenses of, or payable by, the Issuer and to payment of principal and interest on prior ranking Classes of Notes. See Condition 4(c) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition). None of the Collateral Manager, any Collateral Manager Related Person, the Noteholders of any Class, the Corporate Services Provider, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Retention Holder, any Agent, any Hedge Counterparty or any Affiliates of any of the foregoing or the Issuer’s Affiliates or any other person or entity (other than the Issuer) will be obliged to make payments on the Notes of any Class. Consequently, Noteholders must rely solely on distributions on the Collateral Obligations and other Collateral securing the Notes for the payment of principal, discount, interest and premium, if any, thereon. There can be no assurance that the distributions on the Collateral Obligations and other Collateral securing the Notes will be sufficient to make payments on any Class of Notes after making payments on more senior Classes of Notes and certain other required amounts to other creditors ranking senior to or pari passu with such Class pursuant to the Priorities of Payment. If distributions on the Collateral are insufficient to make payments on the Notes, no other assets (and, in particular, no assets of the Collateral Manager, any Collateral Manager Related Person, the Noteholders, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Retention Holder, any Agent, any Hedge Counterparty, the Corporate Services Provider or any Affiliates of any of the foregoing) will be available for payment of the deficiency and following realisation of the Collateral and the application of the proceeds thereof in accordance with the Priorities of Payment, the obligations of the Issuer to pay such deficiency shall be extinguished. Such shortfall will be borne (as amongst the Noteholders) by (a) firstly, the Subordinated Noteholders; (b) secondly, the Class Z Noteholders; (c) thirdly, the Class F Noteholders; (d) fourthly, the Class E Noteholders;
(e) fifthly, the Class D Noteholders; (f) sixthly, the Class C Noteholders; (g) seventhly, the Class B Noteholders; and (h) lastly, the Class A Noteholders, in each case in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
In addition, at any time while the Notes are Outstanding, none of the Noteholders nor the Trustee nor any other Secured Party (nor any other person acting on behalf of any of them) shall be entitled at any time to institute against the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary, or join in any institution against the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary of any examinership, bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, insolvency, winding up or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any applicable bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations of the Issuer relating to the Notes, the Trust Deed or otherwise owed to the Noteholders, save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary which is initiated by another party (which is not an Affiliate of such party) or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration as to the obligations of the Issuer nor shall any of them have a claim arising in respect of the share capital of the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary.
3.11 Failure of a Court to Enforce Non-Petition Obligations will Adversely Affect Noteholders
Each Noteholder will agree, and each beneficial owner of Notes will be deemed to agree, pursuant to the Trust Deed, that it will be subject to non-petition covenants. If such provision failed to be enforceable under applicable bankruptcy laws, and a winding-up (or similar) petition was presented in respect of the Issuer, then the presentation of such a petition could (subject to certain Conditions) result in one or more payments on the Notes made during the period prior to such presentation being deemed to be preferential transfers subject to avoidance by the bankruptcy trustee or similar official exercising authority with respect to the Issuer’s bankruptcy estate. It could also result in the bankruptcy court, trustee or receiver liquidating the assets of the Issuer without regard to any votes or directions required for such liquidation pursuant to the Trust Deed and could result in any payments under the Notes made during the period prior to such presentation being deemed to be a fraudulent or improper disposition of the Issuer’s assets.
3.12 Subordination of the Notes
Except as described below, the Class B Notes are fully subordinated to the Class A Notes, the Class C Notes are fully subordinated to the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, the Class D Notes are fully subordinated to the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, the Class E Notes are fully
subordinated to the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes, the Class F Notes are fully subordinated to the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes, the Class Z Notes are fully subordinated to the Rated Notes, and the Subordinated Notes are fully subordinated to the Rated Notes and the Class Z Notes.
The payment of principal and interest on any other Classes of Notes may not be made until all payments of principal and interest due and payable on any Classes of Notes ranking in priority thereto pursuant to the Priorities of Payment have been made in full, subject to and as more fully described in the Priorities of Payment. Payments on the Subordinated Notes will be made by the Issuer to the extent of available funds and no payments thereon will be made until the payment of certain fees and expenses have been made and until interest on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes and the relevant Class Z Noteholder Amount has been paid and, subject always to the right of the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer to transfer amounts which would have been payable on the Subordinated Notes to the Supplemental Reserve Account to be applied in the acquisition of Substitute Collateral Obligations or in the acquisition or exercise of rights under Collateral Enhancement Obligations, and the requirement to transfer amounts to the Principal Account (or to repay principal on the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence) in the event that the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test is not met during the Reinvestment Period.
Non-payment of any Interest Amounts due and payable in respect of the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes on any Payment Date will constitute a Note Event of Default (where such non-payment continues for a period of at least five Business Days or ten Business Days in the case of an administrative error or omission after the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator or the Principal Paying Agent receives written notice of or has actual knowledge of such error or omission). In such circumstances, the Class A Noteholders (or following redemption in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Noteholders), acting by Extraordinary Resolution, may request the Trustee to accelerate the Notes pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default). However, non-payment of any Interest Amount due and payable in respect of the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes on any Payment Date will not constitute a Note Event of Default, even if such Class of Notes is the Controlling Class.
In the event of any acceleration of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes will also be subject to automatic redemption and/or acceleration and the Collateral will, in each case, be liquidated. Liquidation of the Collateral at such time or remedies pursued by the Trustee upon enforcement of the security over the Collateral could be adverse to the interests of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders or the Subordinated Noteholders, as the case may be. To the extent that any losses are incurred by the Issuer in respect of any Collateral, such losses will be borne first by the Subordinated Noteholders, then by the Class Z Noteholders, then by the Class F Noteholders, then by the Class E Noteholders, then by the Class D Noteholders, then by the Class C Noteholders, then by the Class B Noteholders, and, finally, by the Class A Noteholders. Remedies pursued on behalf of the Class A Noteholders could be adverse to the interests of the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders. Remedies pursued on behalf of the Class B Noteholders could be adverse to the interests of the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders. Remedies pursued on behalf of the Class C Noteholders could be adverse to the interests of the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders. Remedies pursued on behalf of the Class D Noteholders could be adverse to the interests of the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders. Remedies pursued on behalf of the Class E Noteholders could be adverse to the interests of the Class F Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders. Remedies pursued on behalf of the Class F Noteholders could be adverse to the interests of the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders. Remedies pursued on behalf of the Class Z Noteholders could be adverse to the interests of the Subordinated Noteholders.
The Trust Deed provides that in the event of any conflict of interest among or between the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders (comprising the holders of the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes), the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders, the interests of the Controlling Class will prevail. If the holders of the Controlling Class do not have an interest in the outcome of the conflict, the Trustee shall give priority to the interests of: (i) the Class B Noteholders over the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders; (ii) the Class C Noteholders over the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders; (iii) the Class D Noteholders over the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders; (iv) the Class E Noteholders over the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders; (v) the Class F Noteholders over the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders; and (vi) the Class Z Noteholders over the Subordinated Noteholders. In the event that the Trustee shall receive conflicting or inconsistent requests from two or more groups of holders of the Controlling Class (or another Class is given priority as described in this paragraph), the Trustee shall give priority to the group which holds the greater aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Class.
The Trust Deed provides further that the Trustee will act upon the directions of the holders of the Controlling Class (or other Class given priority as described in this paragraph) in such circumstances, and shall not be obliged to consider the interests of the holders of any other Class of Notes, provided that such action is consistent with the applicable law and with all other provisions of the Trust Deed. See Condition 14(e) (Entitlement of the Trustee and Conflicts of Interest).
3.13 Calculation of Interest
If the relevant EURIBOR screen rate does not appear, or the relevant page is unavailable, in the manner described in Condition 6(e)(i) (Floating Rate of Interest) there can be no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to select four Reference Banks to provide quotations, in order to determine any Rate of Interest in respect of the Floating Rate Notes. Certain financial institutions that have historically acted as Reference Banks have indicated that they will not currently provide quotations and there can be no assurance that they will agree to do so in the future. No Reference Banks have been selected as at the date of this Offering Circular.
If a EURIBOR screen rate does not appear, or the relevant page is unavailable, and the Issuer is unable to select Reference Banks to provide quotations in the manner described in Condition 6(e)(i)(B) (Floating Rate of Interest), the relevant Rate of Interest in respect of such Payment Date shall be determined, pursuant to Condition 6(e)(i)(C) (Floating Rate of Interest), as the Rate of Interest in effect as at the immediately preceding Accrual Period that was determined by reference to a EURIBOR screen rate or through quotations provided by four Reference Banks provided that, in respect of any Accrual Period during which a Frequency Switch Event occurs, the relevant Rate of Interest shall be calculated using the offered rate for six month Euro deposits using the rate available as at the previous Interest Determination Date. To the extent interest amounts in respect of the Floating Rate Notes are determined by reference to a previously calculated rate, Noteholders may be adversely affected. In such circumstances, neither the Calculation Agent nor the Trustee shall have any obligation to determine the Rate of Interest on any other basis.
3.14 Amount and Timing of Payments
To the extent that interest payments on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes or the Class F Notes are not made on a relevant Payment Date, such unpaid interest amounts will be deferred and the amount thereof added to the principal amount Outstanding of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes or the Class F Notes as the case may be, and earn interest at the interest rate applicable to such Notes. Any failure to pay scheduled interest on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes or the Class F Notes or to pay interest and principal on the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes at any time, due to there being insufficient funds available to pay such interest in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payment, will not be a Note Event of Default. Payments of interest and principal on the Subordinated Notes will only be made to the extent that there are Interest
Proceeds and Principal Proceeds available for such purpose in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. No interest or principal may therefore be payable on the Subordinated Notes for an unlimited period of time, to maturity or at all.
A Class Z Noteholder may waive, defer payment or designate for reinvestment its portion of a payment in respect of Class Z Notes. The Class Z Noteholder Amounts may be deferred or waived in full at the election of all of the Class Z Noteholders and, in respect of a partial or full deferral, will not earn interest.
Investment in the Notes of any Class involves a degree of risk arising from fluctuations in the amount and timing of receipt of the principal and interest on the Collateral Obligations by or on behalf of the Issuer and the amounts of the claims of creditors of the Issuer ranking in priority to the holders of each Class of the Notes. In particular, prospective purchasers of such Notes should be aware that the amount and timing of payment of the principal and interest on the Collateral Obligations will depend upon the detailed terms of the documentation relating to each of the Collateral Obligations and on whether or not any Obligor thereunder defaults in its obligations.
As described above, failure to pay scheduled interest on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes or the Class F Notes, even where such Class of Notes is the Controlling Class, will not be a Note Event of Default. Holders of such Classes of Notes will consequently have no right to accelerate their Notes or to direct that the Trustee take enforcement action with respect to the Collateral to recover the principal amount of their Notes outstanding in such circumstances.
3.15 Reports Will Not Be Audited
The Monthly Reports, Effective Date Report, Payment Date Reports, Investor Reports and Loan Reports made available to Noteholders will be compiled by the Collateral Administrator, on behalf of the Issuer, in consultation with and based on certain information provided to it by the Collateral Manager. Information in the reports will not be audited nor will reports include a review or opinion by a public accounting firm.
3.16 Ratings of the Rated Notes Not Assured and Limited in Scope
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by any Rating Agency at any time. Credit ratings represent a rating agency’s opinion regarding the credit quality of an asset but are not a guarantee of such quality. There is no assurance that a rating accorded to any of the Notes will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a Rating Agency if, in its judgement, circumstances in the future so warrant. In the event that a rating initially assigned to any of the Notes is subsequently lowered for any reason, no person or entity is required to provide any additional support or credit enhancement with respect to any such Notes and the market value of such Notes is likely to be adversely affected.
Prospective investors in the Notes should be aware that, as a result of the recent economic events, Rating Agencies have undertaken extensive reviews of their rating methodology and criteria used to rate notes issued as part of CLO transactions. This could impact on the ratings assigned to the Notes after the Issue Date and potentially result in the downgrade or withdrawal thereof following the Issue Date.
The Rating Agencies may change their published ratings criteria or methodologies for securities such as the Rated Notes at any time in the future. Further, the Rating Agencies may retroactively apply any new standards to the ratings of the Rated Notes. Any such action could result in a substantial lowering (or even withdrawal) of any rating assigned to any Rated Note, despite the fact that such Rated Note might still be performing fully to the specifications set forth for such Rated Note in this Offering Circular and the Transaction Documents. The rating assigned to any Rated Note may also be lowered following the occurrence of an event or circumstance despite the fact that the related Rating Agency previously provided confirmation that such occurrence would not result in the rating of such Rated Note being lowered. Additionally, any Rating Agency may, at any time and without any change in its published ratings criteria or methodology, lower or withdraw any rating assigned by it to any Class of Rated Notes. If any rating initially assigned to any Note is subsequently lowered or withdrawn for any reason, holders
of the Notes may not be able to resell their Notes without a substantial discount. Any reduction or withdrawal to the ratings on any Class of Rated Notes may significantly reduce the liquidity of the Notes and may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make certain changes to the composition of the Collateral.
As at the date of this Offering Circular, each of the Rating Agencies is established in the European Union and is registered under the CRA. As such each Rating Agency is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA. ESMA may determine that one or both of the Rating Agencies no longer qualifies for registration under the CRA and that determination may also have an adverse effect on the market prices and liquidity of the Rated Notes.
Rating Agencies may refuse to give rating agency confirmations

Historically, many actions by issuers of collateralised loan obligation vehicles (including but not limited to issuing additional securities and amending relevant agreements) have been conditioned on receipt of confirmation from the applicable rating agencies that such action would not cause the ratings on the applicable securities to be reduced or withdrawn. Recently, certain rating agencies have changed the manner and the circumstances under which they are willing to provide such confirmation and have indicated reluctance to provide confirmation in the future, regardless of the requirements of the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents. If the Transaction Documents require that written confirmation from a Rating Agency be obtained before certain actions may be taken and an applicable Rating Agency is unwilling to provide the required confirmation, it may be impossible to effect such action, which could result in losses being realised by the Issuer and, indirectly, by holders of the Notes.
If a Rating Agency announces or informs the Trustee, the Collateral Manager or the Issuer that confirmation from such Rating Agency is not required for a certain action or that its practice is to not give such confirmations for certain types of actions, the requirement for confirmation from such Rating Agency will not apply. Further, in connection with the Effective Date, if an Effective Date Rating Event shall have occurred, the applicable Rated Notes may be subject to redemption in part in an amount and in the manner described under Condition 7(e) (Redemption upon Effective Date Rating Event). There can be no assurance that a Rating Agency will provide such rating confirmations upon request, regardless of the terms agreed to among transaction participants, or not subsequently withdraw or downgrade its ratings on one or more Classes of Rated Notes, which could materially adversely affect the value or liquidity of the Notes.
Requirements imposed on Rating Agencies could result in withdrawal of ratings if certain actions are not taken by the Sole Arranger

On 2 June 2010, certain amendments to Rule 17g-5 under the Exchange Act promulgated by the SEC became effective. Amended Rule 17g-5 requires each rating agency providing a rating of a structured finance product (such as this transaction) paid for by the “arranger” (defined as the issuer, the underwriter or the sponsor) to obtain an undertaking from the arranger to (i) create a password protected website,
(ii) post on that website all information provided to the rating agency in connection with the initial rating of any Class of Rated Notes and all information provided to the rating agency in connection with the surveillance of such rating, in each case, contemporaneous with the provision of such information to the applicable rating agency and (iii) provide access to such website to other rating agencies that have made certain certifications to the arranger regarding their use of the information. In this transaction, the arranger is the Issuer.
Each Rating Agency must be able to reasonably rely on the arranger’s certifications. If the arranger does not comply with its undertakings to any Rating Agency with respect to this transaction, such Rating Agency may withdraw its ratings of the Rated Notes. In such case, the withdrawal of ratings by any Rating Agency may adversely affect the price or transferability of the Rated Notes and may adversely affect any beneficial owner that relies on ratings of securities for regulatory or other compliance purposes.
Under Rule 17g-5, rating agencies providing the requisite certifications described above may issue unsolicited ratings of the Rated Notes (“Unsolicited Ratings”) which may be lower and, in some cases, significantly lower than the ratings provided by the Rating Agencies. The Unsolicited Ratings may be
issued prior to, on or after the Issue Date and will not be reflected herein. Issuance of any Unsolicited Rating will not affect the issuance of the Notes. A rating agency that has reviewed the transaction may have a fundamentally different methodology or approach to or opinion of the structure or the nature or quality of all or some of the underlying Collateral Obligations which may result in a view or rating which differs significantly from the ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies. Issuance of an Unsolicited Rating lower than the ratings assigned by the Rating Agencies on the applicable Rated Notes might adversely affect the liquidity and market value of the Rated Notes and, for regulated entities, could adversely affect the value of the Rated Notes as an investment or the capital treatment of the Rated Notes.
The SEC may determine that one or both of the Rating Agencies no longer qualifies as a nationally recognised statistical rating organisation for purposes of the federal securities laws and that determination may also have an adverse effect on the liquidity and market value of the Rated Notes.
Actions of any Rating Agency can adversely affect the market value or liquidity of the Notes

The SEC adopted Rule 15Ga-2 and Rule 17g-10 to the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, on 27 August 2014, which require certain filings or certifications to be made in connection with the performance of “due diligence services” for rated asset-backed securities on or after 15 June 2015. Under Rule 17g-10, a provider of third-party due diligence services must provide to each nationally recognised statistical rating organisation that is rating the applicable transaction, a written certification in a prescribed form (which obligation may be satisfied if the Issuer posts such certification in the required form to the Rule 17g-5 website referred to above, maintained in connection with the transaction). It is presently unclear what, if any, services provided or to be provided by third parties to the Issuer in connection with the transaction described in this Offering Circular, would constitute “due diligence services” under Rule 17g-10, and consequently, no assurance can be given as to whether any certification will be posted by the Issuer or delivered by any applicable third party service provider to the Rating Agencies in circumstances where such certification is deemed to have been required under the rules. If the Issuer or any third party that provides due diligence services to the Issuer does not comply with its obligations under Rule 17g-10, the Rating Agencies may withdraw (or fail to confirm) their ratings of the Notes. In such case, the price or transferability of the Notes (and any beneficial owner of Notes that relies on ratings of securities for regulatory or other compliance purposes) may be adversely affected.
3.17 Average Life and Prepayment Considerations
The Maturity Date of the Notes is the Payment Date falling on 15 January 2034 or, if such day is not a Business Day, then the next succeeding Business Day (unless it would fall in the following month, in which case it shall be moved to the immediately preceding Business Day); however, the principal of the Notes of each Class is expected to be repaid in full prior to the Maturity Date. Average life refers to the average amount of time that will elapse from the date of delivery of a Note until each Euro of the principal of such Note will be paid to the investor. The average lives of the Notes will be determined by the amount and frequency of principal payments, which are dependent upon, among other things, the amount of payments received at or in advance of the scheduled maturity of the Collateral Obligations (whether through sale, maturity, redemption, default or other liquidation or disposition). The actual average lives and actual maturities of the Notes will be affected by the financial condition of the obligors of the underlying Collateral Obligations and the characteristics of such assets, including the existence and frequency of exercise of any optional or mandatory redemption features, the prevailing level of interest rates, the redemption price, the actual default rate, the actual level of recoveries on any Defaulted Obligations and the timing of defaults and recoveries, and the frequency of tender or exchange offers for such Collateral Obligations. Collateral Obligations may be subject to optional prepayment by the Obligor of such loans. Any disposition of a Collateral Obligation may change the composition and characteristics of the remaining Portfolio and the rate of payment thereon and, accordingly, may affect the actual average lives of the Notes. The rate of and timing of future defaults and the amount and timing of any cash realisation from Defaulted Obligations also will affect the maturity and average lives of the Notes.
Projections, forecasts and estimates are forward looking statements and are inherently uncertain

Estimates of the average lives of the Notes, together with any projections, forecasts and estimates provided to prospective purchasers of the Notes, are forward-looking statements. Projections are
necessarily speculative in nature, and it should be expected that some or all of the assumptions underlying the projections will not materialise or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly, actual results will vary from the projections, and such variations may be material. Some important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements include changes in interest rates, exchange rates and default and recovery rates; market, financial or legal uncertainties; the timing of acquisitions of Collateral Obligations; differences in the actual allocation of Collateral Obligations among asset categories from those assumed; mismatches between the time of accrual and receipt of Interest Proceeds from the Collateral Obligations. None of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Trustee, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Collateral Administrator or any other party to this transaction or any of their respective Affiliates has any obligation to update or otherwise revise any projections, forecasts or estimates, including any revisions to reflect changes in economic conditions or other circumstances arising after the date of this Offering Circular or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
3.18 Volatility of the Class Z Notes and Subordinated Notes
The Subordinated Notes represent a leveraged investment in the underlying Collateral Obligations and the Class Z Notes represent an investment in certain fees which may become due in respect of the transaction. Accordingly, it is expected that changes in the market value of the Subordinated Notes will be greater than changes in the market value of the underlying Collateral Obligations, which themselves are subject to credit, liquidity, interest rate and other risks. Utilisation of leverage is a speculative investment technique and involves certain risks to investors and will generally magnify the Subordinated Noteholders’ opportunities for gain and risk of loss. In certain scenarios, the Notes may not be paid in full, and the Subordinated Notes, the Class Z Notes and one or more Classes of Rated Notes may be subject to a partial or a complete loss of invested capital. The Subordinated Notes represent the most junior securities in a leveraged capital structure. As a result, any deterioration in performance of the asset portfolio, including defaults and losses, a reduction of realised yield or other factors, will be borne first by holders of the Subordinated Notes, then the Class Z Notes and then by the holders of the Rated Notes in reverse order of seniority.
In addition, the failure to meet certain Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test will result in cash flow that may have been otherwise available for distribution to the Subordinated Notes, to pay interest on the Class Z Notes and to pay interest on one or more subordinate Classes of Rated Notes or for reinvestment in Collateral Obligations being applied on the next Payment Date to make principal payments on the more senior classes of Rated Notes until such Coverage Tests and Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test have been satisfied. This feature will likely reduce the return on the Subordinated Notes, the Class Z Notes and/or one or more subordinate Classes of Rated Notes and cause temporary or permanent suspension of distributions to the Subordinated Notes, the Class Z Notes and/or one or more subordinate Classes of Rated Notes. See 3.5 (“Mandatory Redemption of the Notes”) above.
Issuer expenses (including management fees) are generally based on a percentage of the total asset portfolio of the Issuer, including the assets obtained through the use of leverage. Given the leveraged capital structure of the Issuer, expenses attributable to the Subordinated Notes will be higher because such expenses will be based on total assets of the Issuer.
3.19 Net Proceeds less than Aggregate Amount of the Notes
It is anticipated that the net proceeds received by the Issuer on the Issue Date from the issuance of the Notes will be less than the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes in full. Consequently, it is anticipated that on the Issue Date the Collateral would be insufficient to redeem the Notes in full upon the occurrence of a Note Event of Default on or about that date.
3.20 Withholding Tax on the Notes
Although no withholding tax is currently imposed on payments of principal or interest on the Notes there can be no assurance that the law will not change. In the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments of principal or interest on the Notes, the holders of the Notes will not be
entitled to receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax and no Note Event of Default shall occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction. In addition, as described under Condition 2(j) (Forced Transfer pursuant to FATCA), the Issuer is authorised to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to a holder if the holder fails to provide the Issuer or its agents with any correct, complete and accurate information that may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA.
In the event of the occurrence of a Note Tax Event pursuant to which any payment on the Notes of any Class becomes properly subject to any withholding tax or deduction on account of tax (other than in the circumstances set out in the definition thereof), the Notes may be redeemed in whole but not in part at the direction of the holders of (i) the Controlling Class or the Subordinated Notes, in each case acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) the Collateral Manager, subject to certain conditions including a threshold test pursuant to which determination is made as to whether the anticipated proceeds of liquidation of the security over the Collateral would be sufficient to pay all amounts due and payable on the Rated Notes in such circumstances in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
3.21 Security
Clearing Systems: Collateral Obligations or other assets forming part of the Collateral which are in the form of securities (if any) will be held by the Custodian on behalf of the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement. The Custodian will hold such assets which can be cleared through Euroclear in an account with Euroclear unless the Trustee otherwise consents and will hold the other securities comprising the Portfolio which cannot be so cleared (i) through its accounts with Clearstream, Luxembourg and The Depository Trust Company (“DTC”), as appropriate, and (ii) through its sub-custodians who will in turn hold such assets which are securities both directly and through any appropriate clearing system. Those assets held in clearing systems will not be held in special purpose accounts and will be fungible with other securities from the same issue held in the same accounts on behalf of the other customers of the Custodian or its sub custodian, as the case may be. A first fixed charge over the Portfolio will be created under English law pursuant to the Trust Deed on the Issue Date which will, in relation to the Collateral Obligations that are held through the Custodian, take effect as a security interest over (i) the beneficial interest of the Issuer in its share of the pool of securities fungible with the relevant Collateral Obligations held in the accounts of the Custodian on account for the Issuer and (ii) the Issuer’s ancillary contractual rights against the Custodian in accordance with the terms of the Agency Agreement (each as defined in the Conditions) which may expose the Secured Parties to the risk of loss in the case of a shortfall of such securities in the event of insolvency of the Custodian or its sub-custodian.
In addition, custody and clearance risks may be associated with Collateral Obligations or other assets comprising the Portfolio which are securities that do not clear through The Depositary Trust Company (“DTC”), Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. There is a risk, for example, that such securities could be counterfeit, or subject to a defect in title or claims to ownership by other parties, including custody liens imposed by standard custody terms at various stages in the chain of intermediary ownership of such Collateral Obligations.
Any risk of loss arising from any insufficiency or ineffectiveness of the security for the Notes or the custody and clearance risks which may be associated with assets comprising the Portfolio will be borne by the Noteholders without recourse to the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator, the Custodian, the Hedge Counterparties or any other party.
Fixed Security: Although the security constituted by the Trust Deed over the Collateral held from time to time, including the security over the Accounts, is expressed to take effect as a fixed charge, it may (as a result of, among other things, the substitutions of Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments contemplated by the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and the payments to be made from the Accounts in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed) take effect as a floating charge which, in particular, would rank after a subsequently created fixed charge. However, the Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed not to create any such subsequent security interests (other than those permitted under the Trust Deed) without the consent of the Trustee.
3.22 Resolutions, Amendments and Waivers
The Conditions and the Trust Deed contain detailed provisions governing modification of the Conditions and the Transaction Documents and the convening of meetings and passing of Resolutions by the Noteholders. Certain key risks relating to these provisions are summarised below.
Decisions may be taken by Noteholders by way of Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution, in each case, either acting together or, to the extent specified in any applicable Transaction Document, as a Class of Noteholders acting independently. Such Resolutions can be effected either at a duly convened meeting of the applicable Noteholders or by the applicable Noteholders resolving in writing. Meetings of the Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer, the Trustee (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) or by one or more Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of a particular Class, subject to certain conditions including minimum notice periods.
The Trustee may, in its discretion, determine that any proposed Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution affects only the holders of one or more Classes of Notes, in which event the required quorum and minimum percentage voting requirements of such Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution may be determined by reference only to the holders of that Class or Classes of Notes.
In the event that a meeting of Noteholders is called to consider a Resolution, determination as to whether the requisite number of Notes has been voted in favour of such Resolution will be determined (assuming such meeting is quorate as described below and all Noteholders attending such meeting vote in respect of such Resolution) by reference to the percentage which the Notes voted in favour represent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all such Notes held or represented by any person or persons entitled to vote and voted at such meeting.
The quorum requirements for Noteholder meetings require one or more persons holding or representing:
(i) in the case of a Noteholder meeting convened to consider or an Extraordinary Resolution of the Controlling Class not less than 75 per cent.; (ii) in the case of Noteholder meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution not less than 66⅔ per cent.; or (iii) in the case of a Noteholder meeting convened to consider an Ordinary Resolution not less than 50 per cent., in each case of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes (or the relevant Class or Classes only, if applicable) held or represented by any persons entitled to vote at the relevant meeting, to be present. In addition, in the case of a Noteholder meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary Resolution of the Controlling Class, in the event that such quorum requirement is not satisfied at any meeting, the same quorum requirement will apply at the relevant adjourned meeting. In all other cases, in the event that a quorum requirement is not satisfied at any meeting, lower quorum thresholds will apply at any meeting previously adjourned for want of quorum as set out in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) and in the Trust Deed. There are no quorum requirements for passing a Written Resolution.
Prospective investors in the Notes should be aware that the quorum requirement for an Extraordinary Resolution of the Controlling Class solely in relation to instructing the Trustee to accelerate the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration) and instructing the Trustee to sell the Collateral following the acceleration of the Notes, is at least 75 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Controlling Class. This is a higher quorum threshold than in respect of any other Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders.
The voting threshold at any Noteholders’ meeting in respect of an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution of all Noteholders is, respectively, more than 50 per cent. or at least 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes voted at the meeting.
Certain decisions, including the removal of the Collateral Manager, instructing the Trustee to accelerate the Notes and instructing the Trustee to sell the Collateral following the acceleration of the Notes require authorisation solely by the Noteholders of a Class or Classes (acting by Extraordinary Resolution).
Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes or Class D Notes that are in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes or CM Non-Voting Notes will have no right to vote in connection with and will not
be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting on any CM Removal Resolution or any CM Replacement Resolution but shall carry a right to vote on and be counted in respect of all other matters in respect of which the CM Voting Notes have a right to vote and be counted.
Any Notes (including Rated Notes, Class Z Notes and Subordinated Notes) held by (i) Collateral Manager Related Persons shall have no voting rights with respect to, and shall not be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the results of voting on any CM Removal Resolution; and (ii) the Collateral Manager shall have no voting rights with respect to, and shall not be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the results of voting on any CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution.
Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes or Class D Notes in the form of CM Voting Notes may form a small percentage of the Controlling Class (or other relevant Class or Classes) and/or be held by a concentrated group of Noteholders. Investors should be aware that such CM Voting Notes, together with the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes, will be entitled to vote to pass a CM Removal Resolution and a CM Replacement Resolution and the remaining percentage of the Controlling Class (or other relevant Class or Classes) held in the form of CM Non-Voting Notes and/or CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes will be bound by such resolution. Holders of the CM Voting Notes may have interests that differ from other holders of the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes (in the form of CM Voting Notes) and the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes, and may seek to profit or seek direct benefits from their voting rights. The entire Class of Subordinated Notes may also be held by a concentrated group of Noteholders. Investors should also be aware that such group of Noteholders would in such circumstances exercise effective control over the exercise of rights granted to Subordinated Noteholders as a Class pursuant to the Conditions and the Trust Deed and may have interests that differ from other Noteholders and may seek to profit or seek direct benefits from their effective control over the exercise of such rights.
Investors in Class A Notes should be aware that for so long as Class A Notes have not been redeemed and paid in full, if no Class A Notes are held in the form of CM Voting Notes, the Class A Notes will not be entitled to vote in respect of such CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution and such right shall pass to a more junior Class of Notes in accordance with the definition of Controlling Class.
Similarly, investors in the other Classes of Notes should be aware that if there are no Notes in their Class that would be entitled to vote and be counted in respect of a CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution such right shall pass to a more junior Class of Notes.
Certain amendments and modifications may be made without the consent of Noteholders. See Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver). Such amendment or modification could be adverse to certain Noteholders. Without limitation to the foregoing, potential investors should note that the Issuer may amend the Transaction Documents to modify or amend the components of the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Eligibility Criteria, the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test, the Reinvestment Criteria, the Collateral Quality Tests and the related definitions, provided that Rating Agency Confirmation has been obtained and (to the extent provided in Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver)) the Controlling Class has consented by way of Ordinary Resolution.
Certain entrenched rights relating to the Conditions including the currency thereof, Payment Dates applicable thereto, the Priorities of Payment, the provisions relating to quorums and the percentages of votes required for the passing of an Extraordinary Resolution cannot be amended or waived by Ordinary Resolution but require an Extraordinary Resolution. It should however be noted that amendments may still be effected and waivers may still be granted in respect of such provisions in circumstances where not all Noteholders agree with the terms thereof and any amendments or waivers once passed in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions and the provisions of the Trust Deed will be binding on all such dissenting Noteholders.
In addition to the Trustee’s right to agree to changes to the Transaction Documents to correct a manifest error, or to changes which, in its opinion, are not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class without the consent of the Noteholders, the Trustee shall be obliged to consent to
modifications and waivers granted in respect of certain other matters, subject to prior notice thereof being given to the Trustee without the consent of the Noteholders as set out in Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver) but in the event of any amendments to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the consent of the Collateral Manager shall be required.
Each Hedge Counterparty may also need to be notified and its consent required to the extent provided for in the applicable Hedge Agreement in respect of a modification, amendment or supplement to any provision of the Transaction Documents. The Hedge Agreements may allow a certain period for the relevant Hedge Counterparty to consider and respond to such a consent request. During such period and pending a response from the relevant Hedge Counterparty, the Issuer may not be able to make such modification, amendment or supplement and therefore implementation thereof may be delayed. Any such consent, if withheld, may prevent the modification of the Transaction Documents which may be beneficial to or in the best interests of the Noteholders or in a manner required in order to ensure regulatory compliance.
In addition, any amendment that is made to the Transaction Documents contemporaneously with a Refinancing in whole (including any such amendment that would otherwise have required an Extraordinary Resolution of the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14(b)(viii) (Extraordinary Resolution)), may be approved by an Ordinary Resolution of the Subordinated Noteholders. See Condition 14(b)(viii) (Extraordinary Resolution).
Investors should also note that for the purposes of determining voting rights attributable to the Notes and the applicable quorum at any meeting of the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution), the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes shall be deemed to constitute a single class, in respect of any voting rights specifically granted to them (including as the Controlling Class). As a consequence holders of the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes shall act not separately but together as a single Class for voting purposes, including in relation to amendments where the interests of such Noteholders may not be aligned.
3.23 Concentrated Ownership of One or More Classes of Notes
If at any time one or more investors that are Affiliates hold a majority of any Class of Notes, it may be more difficult for other investors to take certain actions that require consent of any such Classes of Notes without their consent. For example, optional redemption and the removal of the Collateral Manager for cause and appointment are at the direction of holders of specified percentages of Subordinated Notes and/or the Controlling Class (as applicable).
3.24 Enforcement Rights Following a Note Event of Default
If a Note Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), at the request of the Controlling Class acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution, give notice to the Issuer and the Collateral Manager that all the Notes are immediately due and repayable, provided that following the occurrence of a Note Event of Default described in Condition 10(a)(vi) (Insolvency Proceedings) of the definition thereof, such notice shall be deemed to have been given and all the Notes shall automatically become immediately due and repayable.
At any time after the Notes become due and repayable and the security under the Trust Deed becomes enforceable, the Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), if so directed by the Controlling Class acting by Extraordinary Resolution, take Enforcement Action (as defined in the Conditions) in respect of the security over the Collateral provided that no such Enforcement Action may be taken by the Trustee unless: (A) it determines in accordance with Condition 11 (Enforcement) that the anticipated proceeds realised from such Enforcement Action (after deducting any expenses properly incurred in connection therewith), would be sufficient to discharge in full all amounts due and payable in respect of all Classes of Notes other than the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes (including, without limitation, Deferred Interest on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes) and all amounts payable in priority thereto pursuant to the Priorities of Payment; or otherwise (B) (1) in the case of a Note
Event of Default specified in Condition 10(a)(i), (ii) or (iv) (Note Events of Default) the Controlling Class acting by Extraordinary Resolution directs the Trustee to take Enforcement Action without regard to any other Note Event of Default which has occurred prior to such Note Event of Default; or (2) in the case of any other Note Event of Default, each Class of Rated Notes (acting independently and each by way of Extraordinary Resolution) directs the Trustee to take Enforcement Action.
The requirements described above could result in the Controlling Class being unable to procure enforcement of the security over the Collateral in circumstances in which they desire such enforcement and may also result in enforcement of such security in circumstances where the proceeds of liquidation thereof would be insufficient to ensure payment in full of all amounts due and payable in respect of the Notes in accordance with the Priorities of Payment and/or at a time when enforcement thereof may be adverse to the interests of certain Classes of Notes and, in particular, the Subordinated Notes.
3.25 Investment Company Act
The Issuer has not registered with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act, in reliance on an exemption under Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act for investment companies (a) whose outstanding securities are beneficially owned only by “qualified purchasers” (within the meaning given to such term in the Investment Company Act and the regulations of the SEC thereunder) and certain transferees thereof identified in Rule 3c-6 under the Investment Company Act and (b) which do not make a public offering of their securities in the United States.
If the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction were to find that the Issuer is required, but in violation of the Investment Company Act had failed, to register as an investment company, possible consequences include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) the SEC could apply to a district court to enjoin the violation; (ii) investors in the Issuer could sue the Issuer and seek recovery of any damages caused by the violation; and (iii) any contract to which the Issuer is party could be declared unenforceable unless a court were to find that under the circumstances enforcement would produce a more equitable result than non-enforcement and would not be inconsistent with the purposes of the Investment Company Act. Should the Issuer be subjected to any or all of the foregoing, the Issuer would be materially and adversely affected.
Each initial purchaser of an interest in a Rule 144A Note and each transferee of an interest in a Rule 144A Note will be deemed to represent at the time of purchase that, amongst other things, the purchaser is a QIB/QP.
The Trust Deed provides that if, notwithstanding the restrictions on transfer contained therein, the Issuer determines at any time that any holder of an interest in a Rule 144A Note is a “Non-Permitted Noteholder”, the Issuer shall, promptly after determination that such person is a Non-Permitted Noteholder by the Issuer, send notice to such Non-Permitted Noteholder demanding that such Non-Permitted Noteholder transfer its interest to a non U.S. Person in an “offshore transaction” in accordance with Regulation S or to a person that is not a Non-Permitted Noteholder within 30 days of the date of such notice. If such Non-Permitted Noteholder fails to effect the transfer required within such 30 day period, (a) the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and at the expense of the Issuer, shall cause such beneficial interest to be transferred in a sale to a person or entity that certifies to the Issuer, in connection with such transfer, that such person or entity either is not a U.S. Person or is a QIB/QP and
(b) pending such transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of such beneficial interest.
3.26 Certain ERISA Considerations
Under a regulation of the U.S. Department of Labor, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, if certain employee benefit plans or other retirement arrangements subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, (“ERISA”) or Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”) or entities whose underlying assets are treated as assets of such plans or arrangements (collectively, “Plans”) invest in a Class of Notes that is treated as equity under the regulation (which could include the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes), the assets of the Issuer could be considered
to be assets of such Plans and certain of the transactions contemplated under such Notes could be considered “prohibited transactions” under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. See the section entitled “Certain ERISA Considerations” below.
3.27 Forced Transfer
Each initial purchaser of an interest in a Rule 144A Note and each transferee of an interest in a Rule 144A Note will be deemed to represent at the time of purchase that, amongst other things, the purchaser is both a QIB and a QP. In addition each Noteholder will be deemed or in some cases required to make certain representations in respect of ERISA.
The Trust Deed provides that if, notwithstanding the restrictions on transfer contained therein, the Issuer determines at any time that any holder of an interest in a Rule 144A Note is a U.S. person as defined under Regulation S under the Securities Act (a “U.S. Person”) and is not both a QIB and a QP (any such person, a “Non-Permitted Noteholder”) or a Noteholder is a Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder, the Issuer shall, promptly after determination that such person is a Non-Permitted Noteholder or Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder by the Issuer, send notice to such Non-Permitted Noteholder or Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder (as applicable) demanding that such Holder transfer its interest outside of the United States to a non-U.S. Person in an “offshore transaction” in accordance with Regulation S or to a person that is not a Non-Permitted Noteholder or Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder (as applicable) within 30 days (or 10 days in the case of a Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder) of the date of such notice. If such Holder fails to effect the transfer required within such 30-day period (or 10-day period in the case of a Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder), (a) the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and at the expense of the Issuer, shall cause such beneficial interest to be transferred in a commercially reasonable sale to a person or entity that certifies to the Issuer, in connection with such transfer, that such person or entity either is not a U.S. Person or is a QIB and a QP and is not a Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder; and (b) pending such transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of such beneficial interest.
In addition, the Trust Deed generally provides that, if a Noteholder fails to provide the Issuer or its agents with any correct, complete and accurate information or documentation that may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA and to prevent the imposition of tax under FATCA on payments to or for the benefit of the Issuer, or if the Noteholder’s ownership of any Notes would otherwise cause the Issuer to be subject to tax under FATCA, the Issuer is authorised to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the Noteholder, to compel the Noteholder to sell its Notes (other than the Retention Notes), and, if the Noteholder does not sell its Notes (other than the Retention Notes) within 10 Business Days after notice from the Issuer, to sell the Noteholder’s Notes on behalf of the Noteholder.
3.28 U.S. Tax Risks
Changes in tax law; imposition of tax on Non-U.S. Holders

Distributions on the Notes to a Non-U.S. Holder (as defined in “Tax Considerations – Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations”) that provides appropriate tax certifications to the Issuer and gain recognised on the sale, exchange or retirement of the Notes by the Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless the payments or gain are effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by the Non-U.S. Holder in the United States or, in the case of gain, the Non-U.S. Holder is a non-resident alien individual who holds the Notes as a capital asset and is present in the United States for more than 182 days in the taxable year of the sale, and certain other conditions are satisfied. However, no assurance can be given that Non-U.S. Holders will not in the future be subject to tax imposed by the United States.
U.S. trade or business

Although the Issuer intends to operate so as not to be subject to U.S. federal income tax on its net income, if the Issuer were to breach certain of its covenants and acquire certain assets (for example, a “United States real property interest” or an equity interest in an entity that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that is itself engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S.
federal income tax purposes), including upon a foreclosure, or breach certain of its other covenants, the Issuer could be treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Moreover, a breach of certain of these covenants may not give rise to a Note Event of Default and may not give rise to a claim against the Issuer or the Collateral Manager. A change in law or its interpretation also could result in the Issuer being treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis. If it is determined that the Issuer is treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Issuer has taxable income that is effectively connected with such
U.S. trade or business, the Issuer will be subject under the Code to the regular U.S. corporate income tax on its effectively connected taxable income, which may be imposed on a gross basis, and possibly to a 30 per cent. branch profits tax and state and local taxes as well. The imposition of such a tax liability could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes.
Additional Notes may not be fungible for tax purposes

Any additional Notes issued after the Issue Date in accordance with Condition 17 (Additional Issuances) may not be treated as part of the same issue for U.S. federal income tax purposes as the Outstanding Notes of the same Class that were previously issued. As a result, different blocks of Notes could be treated differently for U.S. federal income tax purposes from other blocks of the same Class. If all blocks of a Class of Notes bear the same securities identifier, the Issuer and holders may not be able to distinguish between different blocks of that Class. As a result, information returns furnished to investors may not accurately reflect the amount of OID required to be accrued by them.
FATCA

Under FATCA, the Issuer may be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax on certain income. Under an intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States and Ireland, the Issuer will not be subject to withholding under FATCA if it complies with Irish implementing regulations that require the Issuer to provide the name, address, and taxpayer identification number of, and certain other information with respect to, certain holders of Notes to the Office of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, which would then provide this information to the IRS. The Issuer shall use reasonable best efforts to comply with the intergovernmental agreement and these regulations; however, there can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. Moreover, the intergovernmental agreement or the Irish implementing regulations could be amended to require the Issuer to withhold on “passthru” payments to holders that fail to provide certain information to the Issuer or are certain “foreign financial institutions” that do not comply with FATCA.
If a Noteholder fails to provide the Issuer or its agents with any correct, complete and accurate information or documentation that may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA and to prevent the imposition of tax under FATCA on payments to or for the benefit of the Issuer, or if the Noteholder’s ownership of any Notes would otherwise cause the Issuer to be subject to tax under FATCA, the Issuer is authorised to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the Noteholder, to compel the Noteholder to sell its Notes (other than the Retention Notes), and, if the Noteholder does not sell its Notes (other than the Retention Notes) within 10 Business Days after notice from the Issuer, to sell the Noteholder’s Notes on behalf of the Noteholder.
Possible treatment of the Class E Notes and Class F Notes as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes

The Class E Notes and Class F Notes could be treated as representing equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the Class E Notes or the Class F Notes are so treated, gain on the sale of such Notes could be treated as ordinary income and subject to an additional tax in the nature of interest, and certain interest on the Class E Notes or Class F Notes could be subject to the additional tax. U.S. Holders (as defined in “Tax Considerations—Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations”) may be able to avoid these adverse consequences by filing a “protective” qualified electing fund election with respect to their Class E Notes and Class F Notes. Alternatively, if the Class E Notes or Class F Notes are treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders of those Notes could be subject to the rules pertaining to 10 per cent. United States shareholders of CFCs (as defined below). See “Tax
Considerations – Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations – U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of U.S. Holders of Rated Notes – Possible Treatment of Class E Notes and Class F Notes as Equity for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes”.
U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes are uncertain

The U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the Notes are uncertain, as to both the timing and character of any inclusion in income in respect of the Notes. Because of this uncertainty, prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors as to the tax consequences of an investment in a Note. For a more complete discussion of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in a Note, please see the summary under “Tax Considerations — Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations” below.
3.29 Class Z Notes
As further described in the section of this Offering Circular titled “Description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement — Compensation of the Collateral Manager”, the Senior Management Fees do not include a subordinated fee payable to the Collateral Manager that is senior to the payments on the Subordinated Notes but subordinated to the Rated Notes in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. The Collateral Manager expects to be one of the holders of the Class Z Notes in connection with which the Class Z Noteholder Amount will be payable subject to and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. Such Class Z Notes may be transferred (subject to the restrictions set out in the Conditions and the Trust Deed) and a portion of such Class Z Notes shall be issued on the Issue Date to one or more Subordinated Noteholders. The Collateral Manager’s compensation may therefore be reduced. Further, the U.S. federal income tax characterisation of the Class Z Notes is uncertain. Potential holders of Class Z Notes are encouraged to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of acquiring, beneficially owning and transferring Class Z Notes.
4. RELATING TO THE COLLATERAL
4.1 The Portfolio
The decision by any prospective holder of Notes to invest in such Notes should be based, among other things (including, without limitation, the identity of the Collateral Manager), on the Eligibility Criteria (and Reinvestment Criteria, when applicable) which each Collateral Obligation is required to satisfy, as disclosed in this Offering Circular, and on the Portfolio Profile Tests (other than paragraph (m) thereof), Collateral Quality Tests, Coverage Tests and Target Par Amount that the Portfolio is required to satisfy as at the Effective Date (other than in respect of the Interest Coverage Tests, which are required to be satisfied on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date) and in each case (save as described herein) thereafter. This Offering Circular does not contain any information regarding the individual Collateral Obligations on which the Notes will be secured from time to time. Purchasers of any of the Notes will not have an opportunity to evaluate for themselves the relevant economic, financial and other information regarding the investments to be made by the Issuer and, accordingly, will be dependent upon the judgment and ability of the Collateral Manager in acquiring investments for purchase on behalf of the Issuer over time. No assurance can be given that the Issuer will be successful in obtaining suitable investments or that, if such investments are made, the objectives of the Issuer will be achieved.
None of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser or the Sole Arranger has made any investigation into the Obligors of the Collateral Obligations. The value of the Portfolio may fluctuate from time to time (as a result of substitution or otherwise) and none of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Custodian, the Collateral Manager, any Collateral Manager Related Person, the Collateral Administrator, any Hedge Counterparty or any of their Affiliates are under any obligation to maintain the value of the Collateral Obligations at any particular level. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Custodian, the Collateral Manager, any Collateral Manager Related Person, the Collateral Administrator, any Hedge Counterparty, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger or any of their Affiliates has any liability to the Noteholders as to the amount or value of, or any decrease in the value of, the Collateral Obligations from time to time.
Furthermore, pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager is required to carry out due diligence in accordance with the Standard of Care specified in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, to ensure the Eligibility Criteria will be satisfied prior to the entry by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer)) into a commitment to purchase an asset intended to constitute a Collateral Obligation and that the Issuer will, upon the settlement of such purchase, become the legal and beneficial holder of such Collateral Obligations in accordance with the terms of the relevant Underlying Instrument and all applicable laws. Noteholders are reliant on the Collateral Manager conducting such due diligence in a manner which ensures that the Collateral Obligations are properly and effectively transferred and satisfy each of the Eligibility Criteria.
4.2 Nature of Collateral; Defaults
The Collateral on which the Notes and the claims of the Secured Parties are secured will be subject to credit, liquidity, interest rate and exchange rate risks. The Portfolio which will secure the Notes will be predominantly comprised of Secured Senior Obligations (which may consist of Secured Senior Loans and/or Secured Senior Bonds), Unsecured Senior Obligations (which may consist of Unsecured Senior Loans and/or Unsecured Senior Bonds), Second Lien Loans, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds lent to or issued by a variety of Obligors with a principal place of business in a Non-Emerging Market Country which are primarily rated below investment grade.
An investment in the Notes of any Class involves a degree of risk arising from fluctuations in the amount and timing of receipt of the principal and interest on the Collateral Obligations by or on behalf of the Issuer and the amounts of the claims of creditors of the Issuer ranking in priority to the holders of each Class of Notes. The lower rating of below investment grade collateral reflects a greater possibility that adverse changes in the financial condition of an issuer or borrower or in general economic conditions or both may impair the ability of the relevant issuer or borrower, as the case may be, to make payments of principal or interest. Such investments may be speculative. See “The Portfolio” section of this Offering Circular.
In particular, prospective purchasers of the Notes should be aware that the amount and timing of payment of the principal and interest on the Collateral Obligations will depend upon the detailed terms of the documentation relating to each of the Collateral Obligations and on whether or not any Obligor thereunder defaults in its obligations.
The subordination levels of each Class of Notes will be established to withstand certain assumed deficiencies in payment caused by defaults on the underlying Collateral Obligations. (See “Ratings of the Notes”). If, however, actual payment deficiencies arising from defaults on Collateral Obligations exceed such assumed levels, payments on the relevant Class of Notes could be adversely affected. Whether and by how much defaults on the Collateral Obligations adversely affect each Class of Notes will be directly related to the level of subordination thereof pursuant to the Priorities of Payment. The risk that payments on the Notes could be adversely affected by defaults on the related Collateral Obligations is likely to be increased to the extent that the Portfolio is concentrated in any one issuer, industry, region or country as a result of the increased potential for correlated defaults in respect of a single issuer or within a single industry, region or country as a result of downturns relating generally to such industry, region or country. Subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, Noteholders will receive information through the Reports from time to time of the identity of Collateral Obligations which are Defaulted Obligations.
To the extent that a default occurs with respect to any Collateral Obligation and the Issuer sells or otherwise disposes of such Collateral Obligation, the proceeds of such sale or disposition are likely to be less than the unpaid principal and interest thereon. Even in the absence of a default with respect to any of the Collateral Obligations, the potential volatility and illiquidity of the sub-investment grade high yield and leveraged loan markets means that the market value of such Collateral Obligations at any time will vary, and may vary substantially, from the price at which such Collateral Obligations were initially purchased and from the principal amount of such Collateral Obligations. The financial markets periodically experience substantial fluctuations in prices for obligations of the types that may be Collateral Obligations and limited liquidity for such obligations. No assurance can be made that the
conditions giving rise to such price fluctuations and limited liquidity will not occur, subsist or become more acute following the Issue Date. During periods of limited liquidity and higher price volatility, the ability of the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) to acquire or dispose of a price and time that the Collateral Manager deems advantageous may be impaired. As a result, in periods of rising market prices, the Issuer may be unable to participate in price increases fully to the extent that it is either unable to dispose of Collateral Obligations whose prices have risen or to acquire Collateral Obligations whose prices are on the increase; the Collateral Manager’s inability to dispose fully and promptly of positions in declining markets will conversely cause the value of the Portfolio to decline as the value of unsold positions is marked to lower prices. A decrease in the value of the Collateral Obligations would also adversely affect the proceeds of sale that could be obtained upon the sale of the Collateral Obligations and could ultimately affect the ability of the Issuer to pay in full or redeem the Notes. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or disposition of such Collateral Obligations at any time, or that the proceeds of any such sale or disposition would be sufficient to repay a corresponding par amount of principal of and interest on the Notes after, in each case, paying all amounts payable prior thereto pursuant to the Priorities of Payment. Moreover, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of any recoveries received in respect of Defaulted Obligations.
4.3 The Warehouse Arrangements
On behalf of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager has acquired, and will continue to enter into binding commitments to acquire, Collateral Obligations prior to the Issue Date (the “Warehouse Assets”) pursuant to a financing arrangement (the “Warehouse Arrangements”) between the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Initial Purchaser as lender, one or more Affiliates of the Collateral Manager and certain other third parties as subordinated noteholders (such parties, collectively, the “Warehouse Providers”).
The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) has purchased or entered into certain agreements to purchase a substantial portion of the Portfolio on or prior to the Issue Date and will use the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to settle any outstanding trades on the Issue Date and to repay the Warehouse Providers in respect of the funds provided pursuant to the Warehouse Arrangements which were used to finance the purchase of such Collateral Obligations prior to the Issue Date and all Warehouse Arrangements must be terminated in all respects on the Issue Date, and all amounts owing to the Warehouse Providers in connection with such arrangements must be repaid on or prior to the Issue Date, including from the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes.
Some of the Collateral Obligations may have been acquired from the Warehouse Providers. Under the terms of the Warehouse Arrangements, the Collateral Manager has sole responsibility for the selection of Collateral Obligations, although the senior lender has the right to approve or reject any Collateral Obligations that are selected by the Collateral Manager. However, the lenders’ involvement in such process should not be viewed as a determination by the Initial Purchaser or a lender as to whether a particular asset is an appropriate investment by the Issuer or whether such asset satisfies the portfolio criteria applicable to the Issuer.
The prices paid for such Collateral Obligations will be the market value thereof on the date the Issuer entered into the commitment to purchase, which may be greater or less than the market value thereof on the Issue Date. Events occurring between the date of the Issuer first acquiring a Collateral Obligation and the Issue Date, including changes in prevailing interest rates, prepayments of principal, developments or trends in any particular industry, changes in the financial condition of the Obligors of Collateral Obligations, the timing of purchases prior to the Issue Date and a number of other factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including the condition of certain financial markets, general economic conditions, international political events and other macroeconomic events, could adversely affect the market value of the Collateral Obligations acquired prior to the Issue Date. See 1.5 “Events in the CLO and Leveraged Finance Markets”.
Although Barclays Bank PLC was involved in the Warehouse Arrangements, its involvement in such arrangements, and its approval of the purchase of assets acquired under such arrangements, was solely in its capacity as a Warehouse Provider and should not be viewed as a determination by the Initial Purchaser as to whether a particular asset is an appropriate investment by the Issuer or whether such asset
satisfies the Eligibility Criteria applicable to the Issuer. The Initial Purchaser's determination to approve the acquisition of such assets was not based on any credit analysis undertaken by, or available to it in relation to such assets, and the Initial Purchaser will not, nor is required to, monitor the value of such assets or the creditworthiness of the Obligor of any such asset.
In addition, any interest or other amounts paid or accrued on such Collateral Obligations during the period prior to the Issue Date will be paid to the Warehouse Providers on the Issue Date. Investors in the Notes will be assuming the risk of market value and credit quality changes in the Collateral Obligations from the date such Collateral Obligations are acquired during the period prior to the Issue Date but will not receive the benefit of interest earned on the Collateral Obligations during such period provided that any risk in relation to any Collateral Obligations which are ineligible collateral as at the Issue Date or which do not satisfy the Eligibility Criteria as at the Issue Date shall be borne by the Warehouse Providers, provided further that any net realised gains and/or losses in respect of the Collateral Obligations acquired prior to the Issue Date will be for the account of the Warehouse Providers. Certain costs and expenses related to the Warehouse Arrangements, including payment of certain fees and reimbursement of certain expenses to the lenders under the Warehouse Arrangements and any agents appointed in respect of the Warehouse Arrangements, will therefore be borne by the Issuer as such amounts will be paid by application of the proceeds of the issuance of the Notes.
For reasons not necessarily attributable to any of the risks set forth herein (for example, supply/demand imbalances or other market forces), the prices of the Warehouse Assets in which the Issuer invests may decline substantially. In particular, purchasing assets at what may appear to be “undervalued” levels is no guarantee that these assets will not be trading at even lower levels at a time of valuation or at the time of sale. It may not be possible to predict, or to hedge against, such risk.
The requirement that the Eligibility Criteria be satisfied applies only at the time that any commitment to purchase a Collateral Obligation is entered into, and any failure by such Collateral Obligation to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at a later stage will not result in any requirement to sell it or take any other action (other than in the case of Issue Date Collateral Obligations which must satisfy the Eligibility Criteria as of the Issue Date).
During the period of the Warehouse Arrangements, the Issuer may have purchased Warehouse Assets directly from the Initial Purchaser or any of its Affiliates and the price at which such Warehouse Assets were purchased by the Issuer may have resulted in the Initial Purchaser or its Affiliate, as the case may be, earning a profit from the sale of such asset. See “Conflicts of Interest – Certain Conflicts of Interest Involving or Relating to the Sole Arranger, the Initial Purchaser and its Affiliates” below.
4.4 Loss Mitigation Loans
The Collateral Manager has the discretion at any time on and after the Issue Date but subject to certain conditions and limitations, to purchase Loss Mitigation Loans from amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account, the Interest Account or the Supplemental Reserve Account. Loss Mitigation Loans shall not be required to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria or the Reinvestment Criteria at the time the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer) enters into a binding commitment to purchase such obligation, but will only be designated as a Collateral Obligation by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Until their designation as Collateral Obligations and notwithstanding that they may not have satisfied the Eligibility Criteria or the Reinvestment Criteria, such assets may, subject to certain conditions, be given some value in the calculation of the Par Value Tests. In relation to amounts received in respect of such assets, the Collateral Manager may determine their constitution as either Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds, subject to certain conditions. The Collateral Manager can sell such assets at any time. Amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account, the Interest Account or the Supplemental Reserve Account which may otherwise be used to repay Noteholders can be used by the Collateral Manager to purchase Loss Mitigation Loans in certain circumstances to the extent permitted pursuant to Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts). Whilst the discretions of the Collateral Manager to purchase Loss Mitigation Loans may permit the Collateral Manager to more significantly participate in restructuring processes, proceeds which may have otherwise been utilised for the purchase of Collateral Obligations may be used to purchase Loss Mitigation Loans and there is no guarantee that the acquisition of Loss Mitigation Loans
will serve to maintain or improve the value of the related Defaulted Obligations or Credit Risk Obligation held by the Issuer.
There is no guarantee that a Loss Mitigation Loan will satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at any time and if such Loss Mitigation Loan does satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at any time, the Collateral Manager is not obliged to designate such asset as a Collateral Obligation.
4.5 Acquisitions of Collateral Obligations and purchase price for such acquisitions
Although the Collateral Manager is required to determine and use reasonable endeavours in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement that obligations satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at the time of entering into a binding commitment to purchase them, it is possible that such obligations may no longer satisfy the Eligibility Criteria on the later settlement of the acquisition thereof due to intervening events and any failure by such obligation to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at a later stage will not result in any requirement to sell it or take any other action.
For reasons not necessarily attributable to any of the risks set forth herein (for example, supply/demand imbalances or other market forces), the prices of the Collateral Obligations in which the Issuer invests may decline substantially. In particular, purchasing assets at what may appear to be “undervalued” levels is no guarantee that these assets will not be trading at even lower levels at a time of valuation or at the time of sale. It may not be possible to predict, or to hedge against, such risk.
4.6 Considerations Relating to the Initial Investment Period
During the Initial Investment Period, the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, will seek to acquire additional Collateral Obligations in order to satisfy as at the Effective Date each of the Coverage Tests (other than in respect of the Interest Coverage Tests, which are required to be satisfied on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date), Collateral Quality Tests, Portfolio Profile Tests (other than paragraph (m) thereof) and Target Par Amount requirement. See 4.1 (“The Portfolio”). The ability to satisfy such tests and requirement will depend on a number of factors beyond the control of the Issuer and the Collateral Manager, including the availability of obligations that satisfy the Eligibility Criteria and other Portfolio related requirements in the primary and secondary loan markets, the condition of the financial markets, general economic conditions and international political events. Therefore, there can be no assurance that such tests and requirements will be met. See 1.5 “Events in the CLO and Leveraged Finance Markets”. In addition, the ability of the Issuer to enter into Currency Hedge Transactions upon the acquisition of Non-Euro Obligations will depend upon a number of factors outside the control of the Collateral Manager, including its ability to identify a suitable Hedge Counterparty. To the extent it is not possible to purchase such additional Collateral Obligations, the level of income receivable by the Issuer on the Collateral, and therefore its ability to meet its interest payment obligations under the Notes, may be adversely affected. Such inability to invest may also shorten the weighted average lives of the Notes as it may lead to early redemption of the Notes. To the extent such additional Collateral Obligations are not purchased, the level of income receivable by the Issuer on the Collateral and therefore its ability to meet its interest payment obligations under the Notes, together with the weighted average lives of the Notes, may be adversely affected. Any failure by the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) to acquire such additional Collateral Obligations and/or enter into required Currency Hedge Transactions during such period could result in the non-confirmation or downgrade or withdrawal by any Rating Agency of its Initial Rating of any Class of Notes. Such non-confirmation, downgrade or withdrawal may result in the redemption of the Notes, shortening their weighted average life and reducing the leverage ratio of the Subordinated Notes to the other Classes of Notes which could adversely affect the level of returns to the holders of the Subordinated Notes. Any such redemption of the Notes may also adversely affect the risk profile of Classes of Notes in addition to the Subordinated Notes to the extent that the amount of excess spread capable of being generated in the transaction reduces as the result of redemption of the most senior ranking Classes of Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence which bear a lower rate of interest than the remaining Classes of Rated Notes.
Investors should note that, during the Initial Investment Period, the Collateral Manager may apply some or all amounts standing to the credit of the First Period Reserve Account to be applied for the purchase of additional Collateral Obligations. Such application may affect the amounts which would otherwise
have been payable to Noteholders and, in particular, may reduce amounts available for distribution to the Subordinated Noteholders.
4.7 Characteristics and Risks relating to the Portfolio
The Collateral on which the Notes and the claims of the other Secured Parties are secured will be subject to credit, liquidity, interest rate and exchange rate risks. The Portfolio of Collateral Obligations which will secure the Notes will be predominantly comprised of Secured Senior Obligations (which may consist of Secured Senior Loans and/or Secured Senior Bonds), Unsecured Senior Obligations (which may consist of Unsecured Senior Loans and/or Unsecured Senior Bonds), Second Lien Loans, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds lent to or issued by a variety of Obligors with a principal place of business in a Non-Emerging Market Country which are primarily rated below investment grade.
An investment in the Notes of any Class involves a degree of risk arising from fluctuations in the amount and timing of receipt of the principal and interest on the Collateral Obligations by or on behalf of the Issuer and the amounts of the claims of creditors of the Issuer ranking in priority to the holders of each Class of the Notes. In particular, prospective purchasers of such Notes should be aware that the amount and timing of payment of the principal and interest on the Collateral Obligations will depend upon the detailed terms of the documentation relating to each of the Collateral Obligations and on whether or not any Obligor thereunder defaults in its obligations.
The subordination levels of each of the Classes of Notes will be established to withstand certain assumed deficiencies in payment caused by defaults on the related Collateral Obligations. If, however, actual payment deficiencies exceed such assumed levels, payments on the Notes could be adversely affected. Whether and by how much defaults on the Collateral Obligations adversely affect each Class of Notes will be directly related to the level of subordination thereof pursuant to the Priorities of Payment. The risk that payments on the Notes could be adversely affected by defaults on the related Collateral Obligations is likely to be increased to the extent that the Portfolio of Collateral Obligations is concentrated in any one issuer industry, region or country as a result of the increased potential for correlated defaults in respect of a single issuer or within a single industry, region or country as a result of downturns relating generally to such industry, region or country. Subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, Noteholders will receive information through the Reports from time to time of the identity of Collateral Obligations which are “Defaulted Obligations”.
To the extent that a default occurs with respect to any Collateral Obligation and the Issuer or Trustee sells or otherwise disposes of such Collateral Obligation, the proceeds of such sale or disposition are likely to be less than the unpaid principal and interest thereon. Even in the absence of a default with respect to any of the Collateral Obligations, the potential volatility and illiquidity of the sub-investment grade high yield bond, senior secured bond and leveraged loan markets means that the market value of such Collateral Obligations at any time will vary, and may vary substantially, from the price at which such Collateral Obligations were initially purchased and from the principal amount of such Collateral Obligations. Accordingly, no assurance can be given as to the amount of proceeds of any sale or disposition of such Collateral Obligations at any time, or that the proceeds of any such sale or disposition would be sufficient to repay a corresponding par amount of principal of and interest on the Notes after, in each case, paying all amounts payable prior thereto pursuant to the Priorities of Payment.
Characteristics of Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds

The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that, as of the Effective Date, at least 92.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount must consist of Secured Senior Obligations (which shall comprise the aggregate of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Secured Senior Obligations and the Balances standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account, in each case as at the relevant Measurement Date). Investors should note that Secured Senior Obligations are defined as Secured Senior Loans and/or Secured Senior Bonds and at least 70.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount must consist of Secured Senior Loans. Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations (including such obligations that are Secured Senior Bonds) may not comprise more than 10.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount. Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds are of a type generally incurred by the Obligors thereunder in connection with highly leveraged transactions, often (although not exclusively)
to finance internal growth, pay dividends or other distributions to the equity holders in the Obligor, or finance acquisitions, mergers, and/or stock purchases. As a result of the additional debt incurred by the Obligor in the course of such a transaction, the Obligor’s creditworthiness is typically judged by the rating agencies to be below investment grade. Secured Senior Obligations, and Unsecured Senior Obligations and, in some but not all cases, High Yield Bonds are typically at the most senior level of the capital structure with the security claim in respect of Second Lien Loans being subordinated thereto and Mezzanine Obligations being subordinated to any Senior Obligations or to any other senior debt of the Obligor. High Yield Bonds may represent a senior or subordinated claim, both in respect of security and of ranking of the debt claim represented thereby. Secured Senior Obligations and (to a lesser extent) High Yield Bonds are often secured by specific collateral, including but not limited to, trademarks, patents, accounts receivable, inventory, equipment, buildings, real estate, franchises and common and preferred stock of the Obligor and its subsidiaries and any applicable associated liens relating thereto. In continental Europe, security is often limited to shares in certain group companies, accounts receivable, bank account balances and intellectual property rights. Senior Obligations may be in the form of loans or a security, which may present different risks and concerns. Mezzanine Obligations may have the benefit of a second priority charge over such assets. Unsecured Senior Obligations do not have the benefit of such security. Secured Senior Obligations usually have shorter terms than more junior obligations and often require mandatory prepayments from excess cash flows, asset dispositions and offerings of debt and/or equity securities.
Some Collateral Obligations may bear interest at a fixed rate, for example, High Yield Bonds. Risks associated with fixed rate obligations are discussed at 4.17 (“Interest Rate Risk”) below.
Secured Senior Bonds and Unsecured Senior Bonds typically contain bondholder collective action clauses permitting specified majorities of bondholders to approve matters which, in a typical Senior Loan, would require unanimous lender consent. The Obligor under a Secured Senior Bond, Unsecured Senior Bond or High Yield Bond may therefore be able to amend the terms of the bond, including terms as to the amount and timing of payments, with the consent of a specified majority of bondholders, either voting by written resolution or as a majority of those attending and voting at a meeting, and the Issuer is unlikely to have a blocking minority position in respect of any such resolution. The Issuer may further be restricted by the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement from voting on certain matters, particularly extensions of maturity, which may be considered at a bondholder meeting. Consequently, material terms of a Secured Senior Bond, Unsecured Senior Bond or High Yield Bond may be varied without the consent of the Issuer. See also 4.10 (“Voting Restrictions on Syndicated Loans for Minority Holders”) in respect of the Issuer’s interest in syndicated loan facilities.
Mezzanine Obligations generally take the form of medium term loans repayable shortly (perhaps six months or one year) after the senior loans of the obligor thereunder are repaid. Because Mezzanine Obligations are only repayable after the senior debt (and interest payments may be blocked to protect the position of senior debt interest in certain circumstances), it will carry a higher rate of interest to reflect the greater risk of it not being repaid. Due to the greater risk associated with Mezzanine Obligations as a result of their subordination below senior loans of the Obligor, mezzanine lenders may be granted share options, warrants or higher cash paying instruments or payment in kind in the Obligor which can be exercised in certain circumstances, principally being immediately prior to the Obligor’s shares being sold or floated in an initial public offering.
The majority of Senior Obligations and Mezzanine Obligations bear interest based on a floating rate index, for example EURIBOR, a certificate of deposit rate, a prime or base rate (each as defined in the applicable Underlying Instrument) or other index, which may reset daily (as most prime or base rate indices do) or offer the Obligor a choice of one, two, three, six, nine or twelve month interest and rate reset periods. However, in the case of EURIBOR, as of 3 December 2018, the calculation of two month and nine month EURIBOR was ceased. The purchaser of an interest in a Senior Loan or Mezzanine Obligation may receive certain syndication or participation fees in connection with its purchase. Other fees payable in respect of a Senior Loan or Mezzanine Obligation, which are separate from interest payments on such loan, may include facility, commitment, amendment and prepayment fees.
Senior Obligations and Mezzanine Obligations also generally provide for restrictive covenants designed to limit the activities of the Obligors thereunder in an effort to protect the rights of lenders or bondholders
to receive timely payments of interest on, and repayment of, principal of the loans or bonds. Such covenants may include restrictions on dividend payments, specific mandatory minimum financial ratios, limits on total debt and other financial tests. A breach of covenant (after giving effect to any cure period) under a Senior Loan or Mezzanine Obligation which is not waived by the lending syndicate normally is an event of acceleration which allows the syndicate to demand immediate repayment in full of the outstanding loan. However, although any particular Senior Obligation or Mezzanine Obligation may share many similar features with other loans, bonds and obligations of its type, the actual terms of any Senior Obligation or Mezzanine Obligation will have been a matter of negotiation and will be unique. Any such particular loan or bond may contain non-standard terms and may provide less protection for creditors than may be expected generally, including in respect of covenants, events of default, security or guarantees. In addition, Floating Rate Collateral Obligations are similar in nature to Cov-Lite Loans and typically do not provide for financial covenants and thus, may result in difficulties in triggering a default. See “Investing in Cov-Lite Loans involves certain risks”.
Limited Liquidity, Prepayment and Default Risk in relation to Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds

In order to induce banks and institutional investors to invest in a Senior Loan or Mezzanine Obligation, and to obtain a favourable rate of interest, an Obligor under such an obligation often provides the investors therein with extensive information about its business, which is not generally available to the public. Because of the provision of confidential information, the unique and customised nature of the Underlying Instrument relating to such Senior Loan or Mezzanine Obligation, and the private syndication of the loan, Senior Loans and Mezzanine Obligations are not as easily purchased or sold as a publicly traded security, and historically the trading volume in the loan market has been small relative to, for example, the high yield bond market. Historically, investors in or lenders under European Senior Loans, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds have been predominantly commercial banks and investment banks. The range of investors for such obligations has broadened significantly to include money managers, insurance companies, arbitrageurs, bankruptcy investors and mutual funds seeking increased potential total returns and investment managers of trusts or special purpose companies issuing collateralised bond and loan obligations. As secondary market trading volumes increase, new loans are frequently adopting more standardised documentation to facilitate loan trading which should improve market liquidity. There can be no assurance, however, that future levels of supply and demand in loan trading will provide the degree of liquidity which currently exists in the market. This means that such assets will be subject to greater disposal risk in the event that such assets are sold following enforcement of the security over the Collateral or otherwise. The European market for Mezzanine Obligations is also generally less liquid than that for Senior Loans, resulting in increased disposal risk for such obligations.
Secured Senior Bonds, Unsecured Senior Bonds and High Yield Bonds are generally freely transferrable negotiable instruments (subject to standard selling and transfer restrictions to ensure compliance with applicable law, and subject to minimum denominations) and may be listed and admitted to trading on a regulated or an exchange regulated market; however there is currently no liquid market for them to any materially greater extent than there is for Senior Loans. Additionally, as a consequence of the disclosure and transparency requirements associated with such listing, the information supplied by the Obligors to their bondholders may typically be less than would be provided on a Senior Loan.
Increased Risks for Mezzanine Obligations

The fact that Mezzanine Obligations are generally subordinated to any Senior Loan and potentially other indebtedness of the relevant Obligor thereunder, may have a longer maturity than such other indebtedness and will generally only have a second ranking security interest over any security granted in respect thereof, increases the risk of non-payment thereunder of such Mezzanine Obligations in an enforcement situation.
Mezzanine Obligations may provide that all or part of the interest accruing thereon will not be paid on a current basis but will be deferred. Mezzanine Obligations also generally involve greater credit and liquidity risks than those associated with investment grade corporate obligations and Senior Loans. They are often entered into in connection with leveraged acquisitions or recapitalisations in which the Obligors
thereunder incur a substantially higher amount of indebtedness than the level at which they previously operated and, as referred to above, sit at a subordinated level in the capital structure of such companies. Mezzanine Obligations are likely to be subject to intercreditor arrangements that may include restrictions on the ability of the holders of the relevant Mezzanine Obligations from taking independent enforcement action.
Prepayment Risk

Loans are generally prepayable in whole or in part at any time at the option of the obligor thereof at par plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. Secured Senior Bonds and Unsecured Senior Bonds may include obligor call or prepayment features, with or without a premium or make whole. Prepayments on loans and bonds may be caused by a variety of factors, which are difficult to predict. Accordingly, there exists a risk that loans or bonds purchased at a price greater than par may experience a capital loss as a result of such a prepayment. In addition, Principal Proceeds received upon such a prepayment are subject to reinvestment risk. Any inability of the Issuer to reinvest payments or other proceeds in Collateral Obligations with comparable interest rates in compliance with the Reinvestment Criteria may adversely affect the timing and amount of payments and distributions received by the Noteholders and the yield to maturity of the Notes. There can be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to reinvest proceeds in Collateral Obligations with comparable interest rates in compliance with the Reinvestment Criteria or (if it is able to make such reinvestments) as to the length of any delays before such investments are made.
Defaults and Recoveries

There is limited historical data available as to the levels of defaults and/or recoveries that may be experienced on Senior Obligations and Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds and no assurance can be given as to the levels of default and/or recoveries that may apply to any Senior Obligations and Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds purchased by the Issuer. As referred to above, although any particular Senior Obligation, Mezzanine Obligation or High Yield Bond often will share many similar features with other loans, securities and obligations of its type, the actual terms of any particular Senior Obligation, Mezzanine Obligation or High Yield Bond will have been a matter of negotiation and will thus be unique. The types of protection afforded to creditors will therefore vary from investment to investment. Recoveries on Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds may also be affected by the different bankruptcy regimes applicable in different jurisdictions, the availability of comprehensive security packages in different jurisdictions and the enforceability of claims against the Obligors thereunder.
The effect of an economic downturn on default rates and the ability of finance providers to protect their investment in a default situation are uncertain. Furthermore, the holders of Senior Obligations and Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds are more diverse than ever before, including not only banks and specialist finance providers but also alternative investment managers, specialist debt and distressed debt investors and other financial institutions. The increasing diversification of the investor base has also been accompanied by an increase in the use of hedges, swaps and other derivative instruments to protect against or spread the economic risk of defaults. All of these developments may further increase the risk that historic recovery levels will not be realised. The returns on Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and/or High Yield Bonds therefore may not adequately reflect the risk of future defaults and the ultimate recovery rates.
A non-investment grade loan or debt obligation or an interest in a non-investment grade loan is generally considered speculative in nature and may become a Defaulted Obligation for a variety of reasons. Upon any Collateral Obligation becoming a Defaulted Obligation, such Defaulted Obligation may become subject to either substantial workout negotiations or restructuring, which may entail, among other things, a substantial change in the interest rate, a substantial write-down of principal, a conversion of some or all of the principal debt into equity or an extension of its maturity, and a substantial change in the terms, conditions and covenants with respect to such Defaulted Obligation. Junior creditors may find that a restructuring leads to the total eradication of their debt whilst the Obligor continues to service more senior tranches of debt on improved terms for the senior lenders. In addition, such negotiations or restructuring may be quite extensive and protracted over time, and therefore may result in uncertainty with respect to the ultimate recovery on such Defaulted Obligation. Forum shopping for a favourable
legal regime for a restructuring is not uncommon, English law schemes of arrangement having become a popular tool for European incorporated companies, even for Obligors with little connection to the UK. The liquidity for Defaulted Obligations may be limited, and to the extent that Defaulted Obligations are sold, it is highly unlikely that the proceeds from such sale will be equal to the amount of unpaid principal and interest thereon. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the ultimate recovery on any Defaulted Obligation will be at least equal either to the minimum recovery rate assumed by the Rating Agencies in rating the Notes or any recovery rate used in the analysis of the Notes by investors in determining whether to purchase the Notes. In addition, the Collateral Manager has the ability, at any time during the Reinvestment Period, to direct the Issuer to enter into Bankruptcy Exchanges where Defaulted Obligations can be exchanged for other debt obligations issued by another obligor which, but for the fact that such debt obligation is a Defaulted Obligation or Credit Risk Obligation would otherwise qualify as a Collateral Obligation, but there can be no guarantee that such new obligations will have a better likelihood of recovery or are of better value or quality than the Defaulted Obligations being exchanged.
In some European jurisdictions, obligors or lenders may seek a “scheme of arrangement”. In such instance, a lender may be forced by a court to accept restructuring terms. Recoveries on both Senior Obligations and Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds will also be affected by the different bankruptcy regimes applicable in different European jurisdictions and the enforceability of claims against the Obligors thereunder. See 4.21 (“Insolvency Considerations relating to Collateral Obligations”) below.
Investing in Cov-Lite Loans involves certain risks

The Portfolio may consist of Cov-Lite Loans, subject to the Portfolio Profile Tests which provide that not more than 25.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount must be comprised of Cov-Lite Loans. Cov-Lite Loans typically do not have maintenance covenants but they usually have incurrence covenants in the same manner as a High Yield Bond. Ownership of Cov-Lite Loans may expose the Issuer to different risks, including with respect to liquidity, price volatility and ability to restructure loans, than is the case with loans that have maintenance covenants. In addition, the lack of maintenance covenants may make it more difficult for lenders to trigger a default in respect of such Collateral Obligations. This may make it more likely that any default arising under a Cov-Lite Loan will arise at a time when the relevant Obligor is in a greater degree of financial stress. Such a delay may make a successful restructuring more difficult to achieve and/or result in a greater reduction in the value of the Cov-Lite Loan as a consequence of any restructuring effected in such circumstances.
The definition of Cov-Lite Loan does not include any loan that, although it has no maintenance or incurrence covenants, contains a cross default or cross acceleration provision to another obligation of the Obligor that requires it to comply with such covenants (each, an “excluded loan”). If the application of such covenants is subject to certain conditions (for example, in the case of a revolver, the condition that such revolver has been drawn above a certain threshold), and those conditions have not been satisfied, such covenants will afford no protection to the Issuer. As a result of the ownership of such excluded loans and Cov-Lite Loans, the Issuer’s exposure to losses may be increased, which could result in an adverse impact on the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes.
Characteristics of Unsecured Senior Obligations

The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise of Unsecured Senior Obligations, Second Lien Loans, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds in aggregate. Such Collateral Obligations generally have greater credit, insolvency and liquidity risk than is typically associated with secured obligations. Unsecured Senior Obligations will generally have lower rates of recovery than secured obligations following a default. Also, if the insolvency of an Obligor of any Unsecured Senior Obligations occurs, the holders of such obligation will be considered general, unsecured creditors of the Obligor and will have fewer rights than secured creditors of the Obligor.
Characteristics of High Yield Bonds

The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise of High Yield Bonds, Unsecured Senior Obligations, Second Lien Loans and Mezzanine Obligations in aggregate. High Yield Bonds are generally unsecured, may be subordinated to other obligations of the applicable obligor and generally involve greater credit and liquidity risks than those associated with investment grade corporate obligations. They are often issued in connection with leveraged acquisitions or recapitalisations in which the obligors thereunder incur a substantially higher amount of indebtedness than the level at which they previously operated.
High Yield Bonds have historically experienced greater default rates than investment grade securities. Although several studies have been made of historical default rates in the U.S. high yield market, such studies do not necessarily provide a basis for drawing definitive conclusions with respect to default rates and, in any event, do not necessarily provide a basis for predicting future default rates in either the European or the U.S. high yield markets which may exceed the hypothetical default rates assumed by investors in determining whether to purchase the Notes or by the Rating Agencies in rating the Notes.
The lower rating of securities in the high yield sector reflects a greater possibility that adverse changes in the financial condition of an issuer thereof, or in general economic conditions (including a sustained period of rising interest rates or an economic downturn), or both, may affect the ability of such issuer to make payments of principal and interest on its debt. Many issuers of High Yield Bonds are highly leveraged, and specific developments affecting such issuers, including reduced cash flow from operations or inability to refinance debt at maturity, may also adversely affect such issuers’ ability to meet their debt service obligations. There can be no assurance as to the levels of defaults and/or recoveries that may be experienced on the High Yield Bonds in the Portfolio.
European High Yield Bonds are generally subordinated structurally, as opposed to contractually, to senior secured debtholders. Structural subordination is when a high yield security investor lends to a holding company whose primary asset is ownership of a cash-generating operating company or companies. The debt investment of the high yield investor is serviced by passing the revenues and tangible assets from the operating companies upstream through the holding company (which typically has no revenue-generating capacity of its own) to the security holders. In the absence of upstream guarantees from operating or asset owning companies in the group, such a process leaves the High Yield Bond investors deeply subordinated to secured and unsecured creditors of the operating companies and means that investors therein will not necessarily have access to the same security package as the senior lenders (even on a second priority charge basis) or be able to participate directly in insolvency proceedings or pre-insolvency discussions relating to the operating companies within the group. This facet of the European high yield market differs from the U.S. high yield market, where structural subordination is markedly less prevalent.
In the case of High Yield Bonds issued by issuers with their principal place of business in Europe, structural subordination of High Yield Bonds, coupled with the relatively shallow depth of the European high yield market, leads European high yield defaults to realise lower average recoveries than their U.S. counterparts. Another factor affecting recovery rates for European High Yield Bonds is the bankruptcy regimes applicable in different European jurisdictions and the enforceability of claims against the high yield bond issuer. See 4.21 (“Insolvency Considerations relating to Collateral Obligations”) below. It must be noted, however, that the overall probability of default (based on credit rating) remains similar for both U.S. and European credits; it is the severity of the effect of any default that differs between the two markets as a result of the aforementioned factors.
In addition to the characteristics described above, High Yield Bonds frequently have call or redemption features that permit the issuer to redeem such obligations prior to their final maturity date. If such a call or redemption were exercised by an issuer during a period of declining interest rates, the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, may only be able to replace such called obligation with a lower yielding obligation, thus decreasing the net investment income from the Portfolio.
Investing in Second Lien Loans involves certain risks

The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise of Second Lien Loans, Unsecured Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds in aggregate and further that not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise of Second Lien Loans and Mezzanine Obligations in aggregate. The Collateral Obligations may include Second Lien Loans, each of which will be secured by a pledge of collateral, but which is subordinated (with respect to liquidation preferences with respect to pledged collateral) to other secured obligations of the Obligors secured by all or a portion of the collateral securing such secured loan. Second Lien Loans are typically subject to intercreditor arrangements, the provisions of which may prohibit or restrict the ability of the holder of a Second Lien Loan to (i) exercise remedies against the collateral with respect to their second liens; (ii) challenge any exercise of remedies against the collateral by the first lien lenders with respect to their first liens; (iii) challenge the enforceability or priority of the first liens on the collateral; and (iv) exercise certain other secured creditor rights, both before and during a bankruptcy of the Obligor. In addition, during a bankruptcy of the Obligor, the holder of a Second Lien Loan may be required to give advance consent to (a) any use of cash collateral approved by the first lien creditors;
(b) sales of collateral approved by the first lien lenders and the bankruptcy court, so long as the second liens continue to attach to the sale proceeds; and (c) “debtor-in-possession” financings.
Liens arising by operation of law may take priority over the Issuer’s liens on an Obligor’s underlying collateral and impair the Issuer’s recovery on a Collateral Obligation if a default or foreclosure on that Collateral Obligation occurs.
Liens on the collateral (if any) securing a Collateral Obligation may arise at law that have priority over the Issuer’s interest. An example of a lien arising under law is a tax or other government lien on property of an Obligor. A tax lien may have priority over the Issuer’s lien on such collateral. To the extent a lien having priority over the Issuer’s lien exists with respect to the collateral related to any Collateral Obligation, the Issuer’s interest in the asset will be subordinate to such lien. If the creditor holding such lien exercises its remedies, it is possible that, after such creditor is repaid, sufficient cash proceeds from the underlying collateral will not be available to pay the outstanding principal amount of such Collateral Obligation.
For the purposes of the foregoing, “Senior Loan” means a Collateral Obligation that is a Secured Senior Loan, an Unsecured Senior Loan or a Second Lien Loan.
4.8 Limited Control of Administration and Amendment of Collateral Obligations
As a holder of an interest in a syndicated loan, the Issuer will have limited consent and control rights and such rights may not be effective in view of the expected proportion of such obligations held by the Issuer. The Collateral Manager will exercise or enforce, or refrain from exercising or enforcing, any or all of the Issuer’s rights in connection with the Collateral Obligations or any related documents or will refuse amendments or waivers of the terms of any underlying asset and related documents in accordance with its portfolio management practices and the Standard of Care specified in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. The Noteholders will not have any right to compel the Issuer or the Collateral Manager to take or refrain from taking any actions other than in accordance with its portfolio management practices and the Standard of Care specified in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
The Collateral Manager may, in accordance with its portfolio management practices and subject to the Trust Deed and the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, agree on behalf of the Issuer to extend or defer the maturity, or adjust the outstanding balance of any underlying asset, or otherwise amend, modify or waive the terms of any related loan agreement, including the payment terms thereunder. Any amendment, waiver or modification of an underlying asset could postpone the expected maturity of the Notes and/or reduce the likelihood of timely and complete payment of interest on or principal of the Notes.
4.9 Participations, Novations and Assignments
The Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, may acquire interests in Collateral Obligations which are loans either directly (by way of novation or assignment) or indirectly (by way of sub participation). Each institution from which such an interest is taken by way of participation or acquired by way of assignment is referred to herein as a “Selling Institution”. Interests in loans acquired directly by way of novation or assignment or participation are referred to herein as “Assignments”. Interests in loans acquired indirectly by way of sub-participation are referred to herein as “Participations”.
The purchaser of an Assignment typically succeeds to all the rights of the assigning Selling Institution and becomes entitled to the benefit of the loans and the other rights of the lender under the Underlying Instrument. The Issuer, as an assignee, will generally have the right to receive directly from the Obligor all payments of principal and interest to which it is entitled, provided that notice of such Assignment has been given to the Obligor. As a purchaser of an Assignment, the Issuer typically will have the same voting rights as other lenders under the applicable Underlying Instrument and will have the right to vote to waive enforcement of breaches of covenants. The Issuer will generally also have the same rights as other lenders to enforce compliance by the Obligor with the terms of the Underlying Instrument, to set off claims against the Obligor and to have recourse to collateral supporting the loan. As a result, the Issuer will generally not bear the credit risk of the Selling Institution and the insolvency of the Selling Institution should have no effect on the ability of the Issuer to continue to receive payment of principal or interest from the Obligor once the novation or assignment is complete. The Issuer will, however, assume the credit risk of the Obligor. The purchaser of an Assignment also typically succeeds to and becomes entitled to the benefit of any other rights of the Selling Institution in respect of the loan agreement including the right to the benefit of any security granted in respect of the loan interest transferred. The Underlying Instrument usually contains mechanisms for the transfer of the benefit of the loan and the security relating thereto. The efficacy of these mechanisms is rarely tested, if ever, and there is debate amongst counsel in continental jurisdictions over their effectiveness. With regard to some of the Underlying Instrument, security will have been granted over assets in different jurisdictions. Some of the jurisdictions will require registrations, filings and/or other formalities to be carried out not only in relation to the transfer of the loan but, depending on the mechanism for transfer, also with respect to the transfer of the benefit of the security.
The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise of Participations and also require the limits set out in the Bivariate Risk Table determined by reference to the ratings of Selling Institutions to be satisfied. Participations by the Issuer in a Selling Institution’s portion of the loan typically results in a contractual relationship only with such Selling Institution and not with the Obligor under such loan. The Issuer would, in such case, only be entitled to receive payments of principal and interest to the extent that the Selling Institution has received such payments from the Obligor. In purchasing Participations, the Issuer generally will have no right to enforce compliance by the Obligor with the terms of the applicable Underlying Instrument and the Issuer may not directly benefit from the collateral supporting the loan in respect of which it has purchased a Participation. As a result, the Issuer will assume the credit risk of both the Obligor and the Selling Institution selling the Participation. In the event of the insolvency of the Selling Institution selling a Participation, the Issuer may be treated as a general creditor of the Selling Institution and may not benefit from any set off between the Selling Institution and the Obligor and the Issuer may suffer a loss to the extent that the Obligor sets off claims against the Selling Institution. The Issuer may purchase a Participation from a Selling Institution that does not itself retain any economic interest in the loan, and therefore, may have limited interest in monitoring the terms of the Underlying Instrument and the continuing creditworthiness of the Obligor. When the Issuer holds a Participation in a loan it generally will not have the right to participate directly in any vote to waive enforcement of any covenants breached by an Obligor. A Selling Institution voting in connection with a potential waiver of a restrictive covenant may have interests which are different from those of the Issuer and such Selling Institution may not be required to consider the interest of the Issuer in connection with the exercise of its votes. Whilst the Issuer may have a right to elevate a Participation to a direct interest in the participated loan, such right may be limited by a number of factors.
In addition, Participations may be subject to the exercise of the “bail-in” powers attributed to Resolution Authorities under the BRRD or similar resolution mechanisms provided for in the SRM Regulation. See “EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” above.
Additional risks are therefore associated with the purchase of Participations by the Issuer as opposed to Assignments.
4.10 Voting Restrictions on Syndicated Loans for Minority Holders
The Issuer will generally purchase each underlying asset in the form of an assignment of, or participation interest in, a note or other obligation issued under a loan facility to which more than one lender is a party. These loan facilities are administered for the lenders by a lender or other agent acting as the lead administrator. The terms and conditions of these loan facilities may be amended, modified or waived only by the agreement of the lenders. Generally, any such agreement requires the consent of a majority or a super-majority (measured by outstanding loans or commitments) or, in certain circumstances, a unanimous vote of the lenders, and the Issuer may have a minority interest in such loan facilities. Consequently, the terms and conditions of an underlying asset issued or sold in connection with a loan facility could be modified, amended or waived in a manner contrary to the preferences of the Issuer if the amendment, modification or waiver of such term or condition does not require the unanimous vote of the lenders and a sufficient number of the other lenders concur with such modification, amendment or waiver. There can be no assurance that any Collateral Obligations issued or sold in connection with any loan facility will maintain the terms and conditions to which the Issuer or a predecessor in interest to the Issuer originally agreed.
4.11 Corporate Rescue Loans
The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise Corporate Rescue Loans. Corporate Rescue Loans are made to companies that have experienced, or are experiencing, significant financial or business difficulties such that they have become subject to bankruptcy or other reorganisation and liquidation proceedings and thus involves additional risks. The level of analytical sophistication, both financial and legal, necessary for successful investment in companies experiencing significant business and financial difficulties is unusually high. There is no assurance that the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) will correctly evaluate the value of the assets securing the Corporate Rescue Loan or the prospects for a successful reorganisation or similar action and accordingly the Issuer could suffer significant losses on its investments in such Corporate Rescue Loan. In any reorganisation or liquidation case relating to a company in which the Issuer invests, the Issuer may lose its entire investment, may be required to accept cash or securities with a value less than the Issuer’s original investment and/or may be required to accept payment over an extended period of time.
Distressed company and other asset-based investments require active monitoring and may, at times, require participation by the Issuer in business strategy or bankruptcy proceedings. To the extent that the Issuer becomes involved in such proceedings, the Issuer’s more active participation in the affairs of the bankruptcy debtor could result in the imposition of restrictions limiting the Issuer’s ability to liquidate its position in the debtor.
A Corporate Rescue Loan is secured where the Obligor is subject to U.S. bankruptcy law and it has a priority permitted by Section 364(c) or Section 364(d) under the United States Bankruptcy Code and at the time that it is acquired by the Issuer is required to be current with respect to scheduled payments of interest and principal (if any). This will not typically be the case for Obligors who are not subject to U.S. bankruptcy proceedings.
4.12 Bridge Loans
The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may be comprised of Bridge Loans. Bridge Loans are generally a temporary financing instrument and as such the interest rate may increase after a short period of time in order to encourage an Obligor to refinance the Bridge Loan with more long-term financing. If an Obligor is unable to refinance a Bridge
Loan, the interest rate may be subject to an increase and as such Bridge Loans may have greater credit and liquidity risk than other types of loans.
4.13 Collateral Enhancement Obligations
Collateral Enhancement Obligations will consist of any Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations or Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations (each as defined below) determined by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and any warrant, equity security or debt obligation, in each case excluding any Exchanged Security, but including without limitation, warrants relating to Mezzanine Obligations and any equity security received upon conversion or exchange of, or exercise of an option under, or otherwise in respect of a Collateral Obligation; or any warrant, equity security or debt obligation purchased independently or as part of a unit with a Collateral Obligation (but in all cases, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Obligation (if any)), in each case, the acquisition or reclassification (as applicable) of which will not result in the imposition of any present or future, actual or contingent liabilities or obligations on the Issuer other than those which may arise at its option.
Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager may (acting on behalf of the Issuer), in its sole discretion reclassify as a Collateral Enhancement Obligation
(i) any Non-Eligible Issue Date Collateral Obligations (as reclassified by the Collateral Manager hereunder, “Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations”) provided the aggregate Reclassification Price (as defined below) in respect thereof is no greater than €10,000,000) or (ii) any assets held by the Issuer that do not satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the Issue Date (whether on the date they were required to do so or thereafter) or that do not satisfy the Restructured Obligation Criteria at the Restructuring Date (if applicable) (as reclassified by the Collateral Manager hereunder, “Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations” and together with any Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations, “Ineligible Portfolio Obligations”), provided that any such assets may only be reclassified if an amount representing the market value thereof (or, in the sole discretion of the Collateral Manager, any greater amount) as at the relevant date of such reclassification (such date, the “Reclassification Date” and such amount the “Reclassification Price”) is, on the Reclassification Date, either:
in respect of any Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations, credited to the Unused Proceeds Account as a Collateral Manager Advance to be made on the Issue Date by the Collateral Manager to be applied towards such reclassification; or
in respect of any Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations, credited to the Principal Account out of the Balance standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account at the relevant time, or from the proceeds of a Collateral Manager Advance or as a permitted use of certain other proceeds specified to be used to acquire Collateral Enhancement Obligations.
Any transfer of a Reclassification Price and the related reclassification of a Collateral Obligation as a Collateral Enhancement Obligation shall be deemed to be the acquisition of a Collateral Enhancement Obligation and the sale of the relevant Collateral Obligation, in each case in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Any such reclassification so deemed to be a sale of the relevant Collateral Obligation shall therefore only be permissible if such reclassification satisfies the relevant criteria and terms in respect of the sale of any Collateral Obligation in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
All funds required in respect of the purchase price of any Collateral Enhancement Obligations, and all funds required in respect of the exercise price of any rights or options thereunder may only be paid out of the Balance standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account at the relevant time. Such Balance shall be comprised of all sums deposited therein from time to time which will comprise interest payable in respect of the Subordinated Notes which the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, determines shall be paid into the Supplemental Reserve Account pursuant to the Priorities of Payment rather than being paid to the Subordinated Noteholders. The aggregate amounts which may be credited to the Supplemental Reserve Account in accordance with the Priorities of Payment are subject to the following restrictions: (i) in aggregate on any particular Payment Date, such amount may not exceed
€3,500,000 and (ii) the cumulative aggregate amount of all Payment Dates may not exceed €10,500,000. The Subordinated Noteholders may also direct that a Reinvestment Amount in respect of their Subordinated Notes be deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
The Collateral Manager may, at its discretion, advance to the Issuer from time to time prior to the expiry of the Reinvestment Period (i) to the extent that there are insufficient sums standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account to purchase or exercise rights under Collateral Enhancement Obligations which the Collateral Manager determines on behalf of the Issuer should be purchased or exercised, amounts required in order to fund such purchase or exercise and (ii) for any other Permitted Use (any such amount, a “Collateral Manager Advance”) pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. All such Collateral Manager Advances shall be repaid out of Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds on each Payment Date pursuant to the Priorities of Payment (or on any Business Day, at the Collateral Manager’s discretion, out of the proceeds standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account). Each Collateral Manager Advance shall be in an amount no less than
€1,000,000 and the aggregate amount outstanding of all Collateral Manager Advances shall not, at any time, exceed €7,500,000 or such greater number as the Subordinated Noteholders may approve, acting by way of an Ordinary Resolution, provided that only three Collateral Manager Advances may be made.
The Collateral Manager is under no obligation whatsoever to exercise its discretion (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to take any of the actions described above and the Balance standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account may also or alternatively be used to fund the purchase of additional Collateral Obligations or Substitute Collateral Obligations or of the Rated Notes. There can therefore be no assurance that the Balance standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account will be sufficient to fund the exercise of any right or option under any Collateral Enhancement Obligation at any time. The ability of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to exercise any rights or options under any Collateral Enhancement Obligation will be dependent upon there being sufficient amounts standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account to pay the costs of any such exercise. If sufficient amounts are not so available, the Collateral Manager may, at its discretion, fund the payment of any shortfall by way of a Collateral Manager Advance. However, the Collateral Manager is under no obligation to make any Collateral Manager Advance. Failure to exercise any such right or option may result in a reduction of the returns to the Subordinated Noteholders (and, potentially, Noteholders of other Classes).
Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager, is required to sell any Issue Date Collateral Obligations which do not comply with the Eligibility Criteria on the Issue Date, however, in respect of any Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligation, the Collateral Manager will not be so required and upon the reclassification of any Collateral Obligation as an Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligation, such asset shall no longer constitute a Collateral Obligation but shall instead constitute a Collateral Enhancement Obligation. Furthermore, in the event that an asset did not satisfy the Eligibility Criteria on the date on which the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer entered into a binding commitment to acquire it, the Collateral Manager will be required to sell such asset, however, in respect of any Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligation, such asset shall no longer be required to be sold but shall instead constitute a Collateral Enhancement Obligation.
The prices paid for Ineligible Portfolio Obligations purchased pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement will be the market value thereof (or, in the sole discretion of the Collateral Manager, any greater amount) on the Reclassification Date. The Reclassification Price transferred to the Principal Account or the Unused Proceeds Account, as applicable for such Ineligible Portfolio Obligations in connection with any reclassification thereof as a Collateral Enhancement Obligation is likely to be less than the purchase price originally paid by the Issuer. As well as the relevant Eligibility Criteria in respect of the Ineligible Portfolio Obligation not being satisfied, events occurring between the time at which the Issuer enters into a binding commitment to acquire such obligation and the Reclassification Date, including changes in prevailing interest rates, prepayments of principal, developments or trends in any particular industry, changes in the financial condition of the Obligors of Ineligible Portfolio Obligations, the timing of purchases prior to the Reclassification Date and a number of other factors beyond the Issuer’s control, including the condition of certain financial markets, general economic conditions and international political events, could adversely affect the market value of the
assets acquired prior to the Reclassification Date and could adversely affect the market value of Ineligible Portfolio Obligations after the Reclassification Date.
As a result, any Sale Proceeds to be credited to the Supplemental Reserve Account and distributed in accordance with Condition 3(l)(vi) (Supplemental Reserve Account) following the subsequent sale of any such asset reclassified as a Collateral Enhancement Obligation may be less than the Reclassification Price transferred to the Principal Account or the Unused Proceeds Account, as applicable for such Ineligible Portfolio Obligation due to market value decreases after reclassification. Conversely, in the event that the market value of the relevant Ineligible Portfolio Obligation after the Reclassification Date is greater than the market value thereof at the Reclassification Date, any proceeds in respect thereof will constitute Collateral Enhancement Obligation Proceeds (rather than Principal Proceeds) and will be available for distribution (including in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments) in accordance with Condition 3(l)(vi) (Supplemental Reserve Account), (rather than for reinvestment in Collateral Obligations or repayment of the Rated Notes). Accordingly, following reclassification, the Collateral Manager may apply any proceeds in respect thereof under the Interest Priority of Payments including in the making of distributions to Subordinated Noteholders in accordance therewith.
Collateral Enhancement Obligations and any income or return generated thereby are not taken into account for the purposes of determining satisfaction of, or required to satisfy, any of the Coverage Tests, the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test, the Portfolio Profile Tests or the Collateral Quality Tests.
4.14 Counterparty Risk
Assignments, Participations and Hedge Transactions involve the Issuer entering into contracts with counterparties. Pursuant to such contracts, the counterparties agree to make payments to the Issuer under certain circumstances as described therein. The Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk of the counterparty with respect of any such payments. Counterparties in respect of Participations and Hedge Transactions are required to satisfy the applicable Rating Requirement upon entry into the applicable contract or instrument.
In the event that a Hedge Counterparty is subject to a rating withdrawal or downgrade by the Rating Agencies to below the applicable Rating Requirement, the terms of the applicable Hedge Agreement will generally provide for a termination event unless such Hedge Counterparty either transfers its obligations under the applicable Hedge Agreement to a replacement counterparty with the requisite ratings, obtains a guarantee of its obligations by a guarantor with the requisite ratings, collateralises its obligations in a manner satisfactory to the Rating Agencies or employs some other strategy that results in the rating of the Rated Notes being maintained at their then current level within the remedy period specified in the ratings methodology of the Rating Agencies or take other actions subject to Rating Agency Confirmation. There can be no assurance that the applicable Hedge Counterparty will be able to transfer its obligations to a suitable replacement counterparty or exercise any of the other aforementioned remedies within the specified remedy period. Failure to do so may result in interest rate or currency mismatches, which could adversely affect the ability to make payments on the Notes as the Issuer may not receive payments it would otherwise be entitled to from such Hedge Counterparty to cover its interest rate risk exposure or currency risk exposure in respect of Non-Euro Obligations for so long as the Issuer has not entered into a replacement Hedge Transaction (see 4.17 (“Interest Rate Risk”) and 4.18 (“Non-Euro Obligations and Currency Hedge Transactions – Currency Risk” below). For further information, see “Hedging Arrangements” below.
Similarly, the Issuer will be exposed to the credit risk of the Account Bank and the Custodian to the extent of, respectively, all cash of the Issuer held in the Accounts and all Collateral of the Issuer held by the Custodian. In the event that the Account Bank or the Custodian is subject to a rating withdrawal or downgrade by the Rating Agencies to below the applicable Rating Requirement, the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to procure the appointment of a replacement Account Bank or Custodian, as the case may be, with the applicable Rating Requirement on substantially the same terms as the Agency Agreement within the time limits for such action set out in the Transaction Documents.
Transactions with counterparties that are relevant institutions for the purposes of the BRRD may be subject to the exercise of the “bail-in” powers attributed to Resolution Authorities under the BRRD or
similar resolution mechanisms provided for in the SRM Regulation. See “EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” above.
4.15 Concentration Risk
The Issuer will invest in Collateral Obligations consisting primarily of Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds. Although no significant concentration with respect to any particular Obligor, industry or country is expected to exist at the Effective Date, the concentration of the Portfolio in any one Obligor would subject the Notes to a greater degree of risk with respect to defaults by such Obligor, and the concentration of the Portfolio in any one industry would subject the Notes to a greater degree of risk with respect to economic downturns relating to such industry. The Portfolio Profile Tests and Collateral Quality Tests attempt to mitigate any concentration risk in the Portfolio. See “The Portfolio — Portfolio Profile Tests and Collateral Quality Tests”. Although the resulting diversification of the Portfolio may reduce the risk described above, the diversification requirements applicable to the Issuer may cause the Issuer to invest in Obligors or industries that suffer more defaults than if the Issuer were not required to invest in a diversified portfolio.
4.16 Credit Risk
Risks applicable to Collateral Obligations also include the possibility that earnings of the Obligor may be insufficient to meet its debt service obligations thereunder and the declining creditworthiness and potential for insolvency of the Obligor of such Collateral Obligations during periods of rising interest rates and economic downturn. An economic downturn could severely disrupt the market for leveraged loans and adversely affect the value thereof and the ability of the Obligor thereunder to repay principal and interest.
4.17 Interest Rate Risk
The Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a floating rate based on EURIBOR. It is possible that Collateral Obligations (in particular Secured Senior Bonds and High Yield Bonds) may bear interest at fixed rates and there is no requirement that the amount or portion of Collateral Obligations securing the Notes must bear interest on a particular basis, save for the Portfolio Profile Test which requires that not more than 10.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations.
In addition, any payments of principal or interest received in respect of Collateral Obligations and not otherwise reinvested during the Reinvestment Period in Substitute Collateral Obligations will generally be invested in Eligible Investments until shortly before the next Payment Date. There is no requirement that such Eligible Investments bear interest on a particular basis, and the interest rates available for such Eligible Investments are inherently uncertain. As a result of these factors, it is expected that there will be a fixed/floating rate mismatch, and/or a floating rate basis mismatch (including in the case of Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments which pay a floating rate based on a benchmark other than EURIBOR), maturity date mismatch and mismatch in timing of determination of the applicable floating rate benchmark, in each case between the Notes and the underlying Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments. Such mismatch may be material and may change from time to time as the composition of the related Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments change and as the liabilities of the Issuer accrue or are repaid. As a result of such mismatches, changes in the level of the applicable floating rate benchmark could adversely affect the ability to make payments on the Notes. Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, is authorised to enter into the Hedge Transactions in order to mitigate such interest rate mismatch from time to time, subject to receipt in each case of Rating Agency Confirmation in respect thereof and subject to satisfaction of the Hedging Condition, discussed in 2.8 “Commodity Pool Regulation” above. However, the Issuer will depend on each Hedge Counterparty to perform its obligations under any Hedge Transaction to which it is a party and, if any Hedge Counterparty defaults or becomes unable to perform due to insolvency or otherwise, the Issuer may not receive payments it would otherwise be entitled to from such Hedge Counterparty to cover its interest rate risk exposure. Furthermore, the terms of the Hedge Agreements may provide for the ability of the Hedge Counterparty to terminate such Hedge Agreement upon the occurrence of certain events, including related to certain regulatory matters. Any
such termination in the case of an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction would result in the Issuer’s exposure to interest rate exposure increasing, and may result in the Issuer being required to pay a termination amount to the relevant Hedge Counterparty. See further “Hedging Arrangements” below.
Collateral Obligations may pay interest on a semi-annual basis. In addition, some Collateral Obligations permit the Obligor to reset the applicable interest period from quarterly to semi-annual (and vice versa). Interest Amounts are due and payable in respect of the Notes on a semi-annual basis following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event (as described below) and on a quarterly basis at all other times. If a significant number of Collateral Obligations pay interest on a semi-annual basis there may be insufficient interest received to make quarterly interest payments on the Notes. In order to mitigate the effects of any such timing mismatch, the Issuer will hold back a portion of the interest received on Collateral Obligations which pay interest less frequently than quarterly in order to make quarterly payments of interest on the Notes (“Interest Smoothing”) (at all times other than following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event when interest on the Notes will switch to semi-annual pay). In addition, to mitigate reset risk, a Frequency Switch Event shall occur if (amongst other things) a sufficient portion of the Collateral Obligations reset from quarterly to semi-annual pay, as more particularly described in the definition of “Frequency Switch Event”. There can be no assurance that Interest Smoothing and the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event shall be sufficient to mitigate such timing and interest reset risks.
There may be a timing or interest rate basis mismatch between the Notes and the Floating Rate Collateral Obligations as the interest rate on such Floating Rate Collateral Obligations may adjust more frequently or less frequently, on different dates and based on different indices as compared to the interest rates on the Notes. As a result of such risks, an increase in the level of EURIBOR could adversely impact the ability of the Issuer to make payments on the Notes. There can be no assurance that the Collateral Obligations and the Eligible Investments will in all circumstances generate sufficient Interest Proceeds to make timely payments of interest on the Notes.
There can be no assurance that the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments securing the Notes will in all circumstances generate sufficient Interest Proceeds to make timely payments of interest on the Notes or that any particular levels of return will be generated on the Subordinated Notes.
On 5 June 2014, the European Central Bank announced that it would charge a negative rate of interest on bank deposits with the European Central Bank. To the extent the European Central Bank’s or other central bank’s deposit rate from time to time results in the Account Bank or the Custodian incurring negative deposit rates as a result of maintaining any accounts on the Issuer’s behalf, the Issuer will be required to reimburse the Account Bank or the Custodian in an amount equal to the chargeable interest incurred on such accounts as a result of such negative deposit rates. Prospective investors should note that given recent levels of, and moves in respect of, deposit rates, it appears likely the Issuer will be required to make such payments in reimbursement of the Account Bank and the Custodian. Any such payments shall be paid as Administrative Expenses, subject to and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment and may, accordingly, have a negative impact on the amounts available to the Issuer to apply as payments on the Notes.
4.18 Non-Euro Obligations and Currency Hedge Transactions
Currency Risk

The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that not more than 20.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise Currency Hedge Obligations. The Portfolio Profile Tests also provide that Unhedged Collateral Obligations and Principal Hedged Obligations, in aggregate, may not comprise more than 2.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount.
Subject to the satisfaction of the Hedging Condition and the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, may purchase Non-Euro Obligations, provided that such Non-Euro Obligations otherwise satisfy the Eligibility Criteria. Although the Issuer may, subject to the satisfaction of the Hedging Condition, enter into Currency Hedge Transactions and FX Forward Transactions to hedge any currency exposure relating to such Non-Euro Obligations, it is not required that all Non-Euro
Obligations must be Currency Hedge Obligations or Principal Hedged Obligations, as the case may be, and some may be Unhedged Collateral Obligations. Accordingly fluctuations in exchange rates may lead to the proceeds of the Collateral Obligations being insufficient to pay all amounts due to the respective Classes of Notes. The Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) is also authorised to enter into spot exchange transactions, as necessary, to fund the Issuer’s payment obligations under any Currency Hedge Transaction.
Furthermore, although the Issuer may enter in FX Forward Transactions in respect of Principal Hedged Obligations, such FX Forward Transactions will not, among other things, hedge income and will not, in the case of credit losses, fully hedge principal risk.
Notwithstanding that Non-Euro Obligations may have an associated Currency Hedge Transaction which will include currency protection provisions, losses may be incurred due to fluctuations in the Euro exchange rates and in the event of a default by the relevant Currency Hedge Counterparty under any such Currency Hedge Transaction. In addition, fluctuations in Euro exchange rates may result in a decrease in value of the Portfolio for the purposes of sale thereof upon enforcement of the security over it. Furthermore, the terms of the Hedge Agreements may provide for the ability of the Hedge Counterparty to terminate such Hedge Agreement upon the occurrence of certain events, including related to certain regulatory matters. Any such termination in the case of a Currency Hedge Transaction would result in the Issuer being exposed to currency risk in respect of the related Non-Euro Obligations for so long as the Issuer has not entered into a replacement Currency Hedge Transaction, and may result in the Issuer being required to pay a termination amount to the relevant Hedge Counterparty. See further “Hedging Arrangements” below.
In addition, it may be necessary for the Issuer to make substantial upfront payments in order to enter into currency hedging arrangements on the terms required by the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, and the Issuer’s ongoing payment obligations under such Currency Hedge Transactions (including any termination payments) may be significant. The payments associated with such hedging arrangements generally rank senior to payments on the Notes.
Defaults, prepayments, trading and other events increase the risk of a mismatch between the Currency Hedge Transactions and the Non-Euro Obligations which may result in losses. In addition, the Collateral Manager may be limited at the time of reinvestment in the choice of Non-Euro Obligations that it is able to purchase on behalf of the Issuer because of the cost of such hedging and due to restrictions in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement with respect to such hedging.
The Issuer will depend on each Hedge Counterparty to perform its obligations under any Currency Hedge Transaction to which it is a party and, if any Hedge Counterparty defaults or becomes unable to perform due to insolvency or otherwise, the Issuer may not receive payments it would otherwise be entitled to from such Hedge Counterparty to cover its currency risk exposure.
4.19 Reinvestment Risk/Uninvested Cash Balances
To the extent the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) maintains cash balances invested in short-term investments instead of higher yielding loans or bonds, portfolio income will be reduced which will result in reduced amounts available for payment on the Notes. In general, the larger the amount and the longer the time period during which cash balances remain uninvested the greater the adverse impact on portfolio income which will reduce amounts available for payment on the Notes, especially the Subordinated Notes. The extent to which cash balances remain uninvested will be subject to a variety of factors, including future market conditions and is difficult to predict.
During the Reinvestment Period, subject to compliance with certain criteria and limitations described herein, the Collateral Manager will have discretion to dispose of certain Collateral Obligations on behalf of the Issuer and to reinvest the proceeds thereof in Substitute Collateral Obligations in compliance with the Reinvestment Criteria. In addition, during the Reinvestment Period, to the extent that any Collateral Obligations prepay or mature prior to the Maturity Date, the Collateral Manager will seek to invest the proceeds thereof in Substitute Collateral Obligations, subject to the Reinvestment Criteria. In addition, following the expiry of the Reinvestment Period, the Collateral Manager may reinvest some types of
Principal Proceeds (see 3.7 (The Collateral Manager May Reinvest After the End of the Reinvestment Period) above). The yield with respect to such Substitute Collateral Obligations will depend, among other factors, on reinvestment rates available at the time, on the availability of investments which satisfy the Reinvestment Criteria and are acceptable to the Collateral Manager and on market conditions related to high yield securities and bank loans in general. The need to satisfy such Reinvestment Criteria and identify acceptable investments may require the purchase of Collateral Obligations with a lower yield than those replaced, with different characteristics than those replaced (including, but not limited to, coupon, maturity, call features and/or credit quality) or require that such funds be maintained in cash or Eligible Investments pending reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations, which will further reduce the yield of the Portfolio. Any decrease in the yield on the Portfolio will have the effect of reducing the amounts available to make distributions on the Notes which will adversely affect cash flows available to make payments on the Notes, especially the most junior Class or Classes of Notes. There can be no assurance that in the event Collateral Obligations are sold, prepaid, or mature, yields on Collateral Obligations that are eligible for purchase will be at the same levels as those replaced and there can be no assurance that the characteristics of any Substitute Collateral Obligations purchased will be the same as those replaced and there can be no assurance as to the timing of the purchase of any Substitute Collateral Obligations.
The timing of the initial investment of the net proceeds of issue of the Notes remaining after the payment of certain fees and expenses due and payable by the Issuer on the Issue Date and reinvestment of Sale Proceeds, Scheduled Principal Proceeds and Unscheduled Principal Proceeds, can affect the return to holders of, and cash flows available to make payments on, the Notes, especially the most junior Class or Classes of Notes. Loans and privately placed high yield securities are not as easily (or as quickly) purchased or sold as publicly traded securities for a variety of reasons, including confidentiality requirements with respect to Obligor information, the customised nature of Underlying Instruments and private syndication. The reduced liquidity and lower volume of trading in loans, in addition to restrictions on investment represented by the Reinvestment Criteria, could result in periods of time during which the Issuer is not able to fully invest its cash in Collateral Obligations. The longer the period between reinvestment of cash in Collateral Obligations, the greater the adverse impact may be on the aggregate amount of the Interest Proceeds collected and distributed by the Issuer, including on the Notes, especially the most junior Class or Classes of Notes, thereby resulting in lower yields than could have been obtained if Principal Proceeds were immediately reinvested. In addition, loans are often prepayable by the Obligors thereof with no, or limited, penalty or premium. As a result, loans generally prepay more frequently than other corporate debt obligations of the issuers thereof. Senior Obligations usually have shorter terms than more junior obligations and often require mandatory repayments from excess cash flow, asset dispositions and offerings of debt and/or equity securities. The increased levels of prepayments and amortisation of loans increase the associated reinvestment risk on the Collateral Obligations which risk will first be borne by holders of the Subordinated Notes, then by holders of the Class Z Notes and then by holders of the Rated Notes, beginning with the most junior Class.
In addition, the amount of Collateral Obligations owned by the Issuer on the Issue Date, the timing of purchases of additional Collateral Obligations on and after the Issue Date and the scheduled interest payment dates of those Collateral Obligations may have a material impact on collections of Interest Proceeds during the first Due Period, which could affect interest payments on the Rated Notes and the payment of distributions to the Subordinated Notes on the first Payment Date.
4.20 Ratings on Collateral Obligations
The Collateral Quality Tests, the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test are sensitive to variations in the ratings applicable to the underlying Collateral Obligations. Generally, deteriorations in the business environment or increases in the business risks facing any particular Obligor may result in downgrade of its obligations, which may result in such obligation becoming a Credit Risk Obligation, a S&P CCC Obligation or Moody’s Caa Obligation (and therefore potentially subject to haircuts in the determination of the Par Value Tests and restriction in the Portfolio Profile Tests) or a Defaulted Obligation. The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement contains detailed provisions for determining the Moody’s Rating and the S&P Rating in respect of a Collateral Obligation. In some instances, the Moody’s Rating and the S&P Rating will not be based on or derived from a public rating of the Obligor or the actual Collateral Obligation but may be
based on either a private rating of the Obligor or Collateral Obligation or, in certain cases, on a confidential credit estimate determined separately by Moody’s and/or S&P. Such private ratings and confidential credit estimates are private and therefore not capable of being disclosed to Noteholders. In addition, some ratings will be derived by the Collateral Manager based on, among other things, Obligor group or affiliate ratings, comparable ratings provided by a different Rating Agency and, in certain circumstances, temporary ratings applied by the Collateral Manager. The Portfolio Profile Tests contain limitations on the proportions of the Collateral Principal Amount that may be made up of Collateral Obligations where the Moody’s Rating is derived from an S&P Rating. Furthermore, such derived ratings will not reflect detailed credit analysis of the particular Collateral Obligation and may reflect a more or less conservative view of the actual credit risk of such Collateral Obligation than any such fundamental credit analysis might, if conducted, warrant; and model-derived variations in such ratings may occur (and have consequential effects on the Collateral Quality Tests, the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test) without necessarily reflecting comparable variation in the actual credit quality of the Collateral Obligation in question. See “Ratings of the Notes” and “The Portfolio”.
There can be no assurance that rating agencies will continue to assign ratings utilising the same methods and standards utilised as of the date of this Offering Circular, despite the fact that such Collateral Obligation might still be performing fully to the specifications set out in its Underlying Instrument. Any change in such methods and standards could result in a significant rise in the number of Moody’s Caa Obligations and S&P CCC Obligations and/or Defaulted Obligations in the Portfolio, which could cause the Issuer to fail to satisfy (i) the Par Value Tests on subsequent Determination Dates, which failure could lead to the early amortisation of some or all of one or more Classes of the Notes or (ii) the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test, which failure could cause a reduction in the amounts available for distribution to the Subordinated Noteholders. See Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption upon Breach of Coverage Tests).
4.21 Insolvency Considerations relating to Collateral Obligations
Collateral Obligations may be subject to various laws enacted for the protection of creditors in the countries of the jurisdictions of incorporation of Obligors and, if different, in which the Obligors conduct business and in which they hold the assets, which may adversely affect such Obligors’ abilities to make payment on a full or timely basis. These insolvency considerations will differ depending on the country in which each Obligor is located or domiciled and may differ depending on whether the Obligor is a non-sovereign or a sovereign entity. In particular, it should be noted that a number of continental European jurisdictions operate “debtor friendly” insolvency regimes which would result in delays in payments under Collateral Obligations where obligations thereunder are subject to such regimes, in the event of the insolvency of the relevant Obligor.
The different insolvency regimes applicable in the different European jurisdictions result in a corresponding variability of recovery rates for Senior Obligations, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds entered into by Obligors in such jurisdictions. No reliable historical data is available.
4.22 Lender Liability Considerations; Equitable Subordination
In recent years, a number of judicial decisions in the United States and other jurisdictions have upheld the right of Obligors to sue lenders or bondholders on the basis of various evolving legal theories (collectively, termed “lender liability”). Generally, lender liability is founded upon the premise that an institutional lender or bondholder has violated a duty (whether implied or contractual) of good faith and fair dealing owed to the Obligor or has assumed a degree of control over the Obligors resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the Obligors or its other creditors or shareholders. Although it would be a novel application of the lender liability theories, the Issuer may be subject to allegations of lender liability. However, the Issuer does not intend to engage in, and the Collateral Manager does not intend to advise the Issuer with respect to any, conduct that would form the basis for a successful cause of action based upon lender liability.
In addition, under common law principles that in some cases form the basis for lender liability claims, if a lender or bondholder (a) intentionally takes an action that results in the under capitalisation of the
Obligor to the detriment of other creditors of such Obligor, (b) engages in other inequitable conduct to the detriment of such other creditors, (c) engages in fraud with respect to, or makes misrepresentations to, such other creditors or (d) uses its influence as a stockholder to dominate or control the Obligor to the detriment of other creditors of such Obligor, a court may elect to subordinate the claim of the offending lender or bondholder to the claims of the disadvantaged creditor or creditors, a remedy called “equitable subordination”. Because of the nature of the Collateral Obligations, the Issuer may be subject to claims from creditors of an Obligor that Collateral Obligations issued by such Obligor that are held by the Issuer should be equitably subordinated. However, the Issuer does not intend to engage in, and the Collateral Manager does not intend to advise the Issuer with respect to, any conduct that would form the basis for a successful cause of action based upon the equitable subordination doctrine.
The preceding discussion is based upon principles of United States federal and state laws. Insofar as Collateral Obligations that are obligations of non-United States Obligors are concerned, the laws of certain foreign jurisdictions may impose liability upon lenders or bondholders under factual circumstances similar to those described above, with consequences that may or may not be analogous to those described above under United States federal and state laws.
4.23 Loan Repricing
Leveraged loans may experience volatility in the spread that is paid on such leveraged loans. Such spreads will vary based on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the level of supply and demand in the leveraged loan market, general economic conditions, levels of relative liquidity for leveraged loans, the actual and perceived level of credit risk in the leveraged loan market, regulatory changes, changes in credit ratings, and the methodology used by credit rating agencies in assigning credit ratings, and such other factors that may affect pricing in the leveraged loan market. Since leveraged loans may generally be prepaid at any time without penalty, the obligors of such leveraged loans would be expected to prepay or refinance such leveraged loans if alternative financing were available at a lower cost. For example, if the credit ratings of an obligor were upgraded, the obligor were recapitalised or if credit spreads were declining for leveraged loans, such obligor would likely seek to refinance at a lower credit spread. Declining credit spreads in the leveraged loan market and increasing rates of prepayments and refinancings will likely result in a reduction of portfolio yield and interest collections on the Collateral Obligations, which would have an adverse effect on the amount available for distributions on Notes, beginning with the Subordinated Notes as the most junior Classes.
Downward movements in interest rates could also adversely affect the performance of non-investment grade bonds with call or redemption features. Such a call or redemption feature would permit the obligor of such debt securities to repurchase such securities from the Issuer. If a call were exercised by such an obligor during a period of declining interest rates, the Issuer likely would have to replace such called non-investment grade Collateral Obligations with lower yielding Collateral Obligations.
4.24 Changes in Tax Law; No Gross Up; General
At the time when the Collateral Obligations are acquired by the Issuer (or, in the case of the Issue Date Collateral Obligations, on the Issue Date), the Eligibility Criteria require that payments on the Collateral Obligations either will not be reduced by any withholding tax or other similar tax (other than U.S. withholding tax on commitment fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, consent fees, letter of credit fees, extension fees, or similar fees) imposed by any jurisdiction or, if and to the extent that any such withholding tax does apply, either (i) such withholding tax can be eliminated by application being made under a double tax treaty or otherwise, (ii) the relevant Obligor will be obliged to make gross up payments to the Issuer that cover the full amount of such withholding tax, (iii) such withholding tax is imposed under FATCA as a result of the Issuer being unable to achieve or maintain compliance with FATCA due to (x) a holder or beneficial owner of a Note failing to provide the required information to comply with FATCA or otherwise causing the Issuer to be unable to achieve or maintain compliance with FATCA or
(y) a change in law or (iv) if the Obligor is not required to make “gross up” payments that compensate the Issuer directly or indirectly in full for such withholding on an after tax basis, the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test, based on payments received by the Issuer on an after tax basis, is passed after such purchase or if not passed maintained or improved after such purchase. However, there can be no assurance that, as a result of any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation or interpretation
thereof, the payments on the Collateral Obligations (including payment by Selling Institutions in the case of Participations) might not in the future become subject to withholding tax or increased withholding rates in respect of which the relevant Obligor (or, in the case of Participations, the Selling Institution) will not be obliged to make gross up payments to the Issuer. In such circumstances, the Issuer may, where relevant, be able, but will not be obliged, to take advantage of (a) a double taxation treaty between Ireland and the jurisdiction from which the relevant payment is made, (b) the current applicable law in the jurisdiction of the relevant Obligor or (c) the fact that the Issuer has taken a Participation in such Collateral Obligations from a Selling Institution which is able to pay interest payable under such Participation gross without withholding or deduction of tax. In the event that the Issuer receives any payments on any Collateral Obligation net of any applicable withholding tax, the Coverage Tests and Collateral Quality Tests will be determined by reference to such net receipts. Such tax would also reduce the amounts available to make payments on the Notes and may also give rise to a “Collateral Tax Event” and an Optional Redemption subject to and in accordance with the Conditions. There can be no assurance that remaining payments on the Collateral Obligations would be sufficient to make timely payments of interest, principal on the Maturity Date and other amounts payable in respect of the Notes of each Class.
4.25 UK Taxation of Issuer
In the context of the activities to be carried out under the Transaction Documents, the Issuer will be subject to UK corporation tax if it is: (i) tax resident in the UK or (ii) carries on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment.
As the Issuer is incorporated in Ireland, the Issuer will not be treated as being tax resident in the UK provided that the central management and control of the Issuer is outside the UK. The Directors intend to conduct the affairs of the Issuer in such a manner so that it does not become resident in the UK for taxation purposes. The Issuer will be regarded as having a permanent establishment in the UK if it has a fixed place of business in the UK or if it has an agent in the UK who has and habitually exercises authority in the UK to do business on the Issuer’s behalf. The Issuer does not intend to have a place of business in the UK. The Collateral Manager will, however, have and is expected to habitually exercise authority to do business on behalf of the Issuer in the UK. The Issuer should not be subject to UK corporation tax in consequence of the activities which the Collateral Manager carries out on its behalf provided that the Issuer’s activities are regarded as investment activities rather than trading activities.
Even if the Issuer is regarded as carrying on a trade in the UK through the agency of the Collateral Manager for the purposes of UK taxation, it will not be subject to UK corporation tax in respect of the agency of the Collateral Manager if the exemption in Article 5(6) of the double taxation treaty between Ireland and the United Kingdom (“UK-Ireland Treaty”) applies. This exemption will apply if the Collateral Manager, in acting on behalf of the Issuer, is regarded as an independent agent acting in the ordinary course of its business for the purpose of the UK-Ireland Treaty. It should be noted that the specific domestic UK corporation tax exemption for profits generated in the UK by an investment manager on behalf of its non-resident clients (section 1146 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010) may not be available in the context of this transaction if the Collateral Manager (or certain connected entities) holds more than 20 per cent. of the relevant disregarded income of the Issuer (for the purposes of section 1148 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010) (including as part of its holding of the Retention Notes). However, the inapplicability of this domestic exemption should not, in accordance with H.M. Revenue & Customs’ guidance which is current as at the date of this Offering Circular, have any effect on the UK tax position of the Issuer if the exemption in Article 5(6) of the UK-Ireland Treaty, as referred to above, applies.
Should the Collateral Manager be assessed to UK tax on behalf of the Issuer, it will be entitled to an indemnity from the Issuer (subject to any claim by the Issuer in respect of any related Collateral Manager Breach). Any payment to be made by the Issuer under this indemnity will be paid as Administrative Expenses of the Issuer as specified in the relevant Priorities of Payment. Administrative Expenses are payable by the Issuer on any Payment Date under paragraphs (C) and (Z) of the Interest Priority of Payments, paragraphs (A) and (S) of the Principal Priority of Payments or paragraphs (C) and (T) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, as applicable. It should be noted that UK tax legislation makes it possible for H.M. Revenue & Customs to seek to assess the Issuer to UK tax directly rather than through the Collateral Manager as its UK representative. Should the Issuer be assessed on this basis, the Issuer will be liable to pay UK tax on its UK taxable profit attributable to its UK activities, such payment to be
made subject to and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. The Issuer would also be liable to pay, under paragraph (A) of the Interest Priority of Payments, Principal Priority of Payments or the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, as applicable, UK tax on its UK taxable profits in the unlikely event that it were treated as being tax resident in the UK for UK tax purposes (such payment to be made in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payment). Imposition of such tax by the United Kingdom tax authorities may also give rise to a “Note Tax Event” subject to and in accordance with the Conditions and in certain circumstances the Rated Notes may be redeemed (in whole but not in part) at the option of either (i) the Controlling Class or the Subordinated Noteholders in each case acting by Extraordinary Resolution or (ii) the Collateral Manager. See Condition 7(g) (Redemption following a Note Tax Event).
The Issuer will also be chargeable to UK corporation tax, regardless of whether it is deemed to be resident or to have a permanent establishment in the UK, if (a) it is carrying on a “trade of dealing in or developing UK land”, (b) it disposes of “interests in UK land” or certain assets other than “interests in UK land” which derive at least 75 per cent. of their value from UK land where the Issuer has a “substantial indirect interest” in that land, or (c) with effect from 6th April 2020 it carries on a “UK property business” or has other “UK property income”. However, it is not expected that, by virtue of investing in Collateral Obligations (and other financial assets), the Issuer will fall within any of these potential heads of charge.
4.26 Collateral Manager
The Collateral Manager will be appointed by the Issuer to act as collateral manager to the Issuer in respect of the Portfolio pursuant to and in accordance with the parameters and criteria set out in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. See “The Portfolio” and “Description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement”. The powers and duties of the Collateral Manager in relation to the Portfolio will include effecting at its discretion, on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement: (a) the acquisition of Collateral Obligations during the Reinvestment Period; (b) the sale of Collateral Obligations during the Reinvestment Period (subject to certain limits) and, at any time, upon the occurrence of certain events (including a Collateral Obligation becoming a Defaulted Obligation, a Credit Improved Obligation or a Credit Risk Obligation); and (c) the participation in restructuring and work-outs of Collateral Obligations on behalf of the Issuer. See “The Portfolio”. Any analysis by the Collateral Manager of Obligors under Collateral Obligations which it is purchasing (on behalf of the Issuer) or which are held in the Portfolio from time to time will, (i) in respect of Collateral Obligations which are publicly listed bonds, be limited to a review of readily available public information, (ii) in respect of Collateral Obligations which are bonds which are not publicly listed, be in accordance with standard review procedures for such type of bonds and, (iii) in respect of Collateral Obligations which are Assignments or Participations of senior and mezzanine loans and in relation to which the Collateral Manager has non-public information, include due diligence of the kind common in relation to senior and mezzanine loans of such kind.
In addition, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement will place significant restrictions on the Collateral Manager’s ability to buy and sell Collateral Obligations, and the Collateral Manager will be required to comply with the restrictions contained in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Accordingly, during certain periods or in certain specified circumstances, the Collateral Manager may be unable to buy or sell Collateral Obligations on behalf of the Issuer or to take other actions which it might consider in the best interest of the Issuer and the Noteholders, as a result of the restrictions set forth in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager will not be liable for any losses or damages resulting from the performance of its duties under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement except those resulting from acts or omissions constituting bad faith, fraud, gross negligence (as interpreted under New York law) or wilful misconduct of the Collateral Manager, provided that nothing shall relieve the Collateral Manager from contractual liability under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement in the event that the Collateral Manager fails to perform its duties in accordance with the Standard of Care, as further described in “Description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement” below. Investors should note that, for such purpose and notwithstanding that the Notes and the Transaction Documents are governed by English law, the interpretation of “gross negligence” will be pursuant to New York law. Under New York law, the concept of gross negligence is a significantly lower standard of care than negligence under English
law, requiring conduct akin to intentional wrongdoing or reckless indifference under English law. As a result, the Collateral Manager may in some circumstances have no liability for its actions or inactions under the Transaction Documents where it would otherwise have been liable if a mere negligence standard was applied under English law or if New York law was not designated as the law pursuant to which the concept of gross negligence for this purpose would be interpreted.
The Issuer is a newly formed entity and has no operating history or performance record of its own, other than in respect of the Warehouse Arrangements. The actual performance of the Issuer will depend on numerous factors which are difficult to predict and may be beyond the control of the Collateral Manager. The nature of, and risks associated with, the Issuer’s future investments may differ substantially from those investments and strategies undertaken historically by the Collateral Manager and such persons. There can be no assurance that the Issuer’s investments will perform as well as the past investments of any such persons or entities.
The performance of other collateralised loan obligation vehicles (“CLO Vehicles”) or other similar investment funds (“Other Funds”) managed or advised by the Collateral Manager or Affiliates of the Collateral Manager should not be relied upon as an indication or prediction of the performance of the Issuer. Such other CLO Vehicles and Other Funds may have significantly different characteristics, including but not limited to their structures, composition of the collateral pool, investment objectives, leverage, financing costs, fees and expenses, management personnel and other terms when compared to the Issuer and may have been formed and managed under significantly different market conditions than those which apply to the Issuer and its Portfolio.
The Issuer will be highly dependent on the financial and managerial experience of certain individuals associated with the Collateral Manager in analysing, selecting and managing the Collateral Obligations. There can be no assurance that such key personnel currently associated with the Collateral Manager or any of its Affiliates will remain in such position throughout the life of the transaction. The loss of one or more of such individuals could have a material adverse effect on the performance of the Issuer.
In addition, the Collateral Manager may resign or be removed for cause as described herein under “Description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement”. There can be no assurance that any successor collateral manager would have the same level of skill in performing the obligations of the Collateral Manager, in which event payments on the Notes could be reduced or delayed.
It should be noted that upon the appointment of a successor collateral manager, the Trustee shall be obliged to agree to any amendment to modify the duties, fees (and in the case of any modification which increases the Senior Management Fees) and obligations of such collateral manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, subject only to the prior consent of the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution and the Controlling Class acting by Extraordinary Resolution (in each case excluding (x) any CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes, (y) any CM Non-Voting Notes and (z) any Notes held by the Collateral Manager or its Affiliates and/or any Notes over which the Collateral Manager or any Affiliate thereof has discretionary voting authority) and each other party to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement but without the consent of any other Class of Noteholders or any other Secured Party.
The Collateral Manager is not required to devote all of its time to the performance of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and will continue to advise and manage other investment funds in the future.
The Collateral Manager’s information and technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from computer viruses, network failures, computer and telecommunications failures, infiltration by unauthorised persons and security breaches, usage errors by their respective professionals, power outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. Although the Collateral Manager may have implemented various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, the failure of these systems and/or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in the Collateral Manager’s operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy or sensitive data. Such a failure could impede the ability of the Collateral Manager to perform its duties under the Transaction Documents.
4.27 No Initial Purchaser Role Post-Closing
The Initial Purchaser takes no responsibility for, and has no obligations in respect of, the Issuer and will have no obligation to monitor the performance of the Portfolio or the actions of the Collateral Manager or the Issuer and no authority to advise the Collateral Manager or the Issuer or to direct their actions, which will be solely the responsibility of the Collateral Manager and the Issuer. If the Initial Purchaser or its Affiliates owns Notes, they will have no responsibility to consider the interests of any other owner of Notes with respect to actions they take or refrain from taking in such capacity.
4.28 Acquisition and Disposition of Collateral Obligations
The proceeds of the issue of the Notes remaining after payment of:
the acquisition costs for the Collateral Obligations acquired by the Issuer on or prior to the Issue Date (including other amounts due in order to finance the acquisition of warehoused Collateral Obligations); and
certain fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes and anticipated to be payable by the Issuer following completion of the issue of the Notes,
will be transferred from the Unused Proceeds Account and deposited in the Expense Reserve Account, the First Period Reserve Account and the Unused Proceeds Account on the Issue Date.
The Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to purchase Collateral Obligations with an Aggregate Principal Balance (together with Collateral Obligations previously acquired) equal to at least the Target Par Amount out of the Balance standing to the credit of the Unused Proceeds Account during the Initial Investment Period. The Collateral Manager’s decisions concerning purchases of Collateral Obligations will be influenced by a number of factors, including market conditions and the availability of securities and loans satisfying the Eligibility Criteria, Reinvestment Criteria and the other requirements of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. The failure or inability of the Collateral Manager to acquire Collateral Obligations with the proceeds of the offering or to reinvest Sale Proceeds or payments and prepayments of principal in Substitute Collateral Obligations in a timely manner will adversely affect the returns on the Notes, in particular with respect to the most junior Class or Classes.
Notwithstanding the above, on and after the Issue Date, the Collateral Manager will have the ability to purchase Loss Mitigation Loans which shall not be required to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at the time the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer) enters into a binding commitment to purchase such obligation, but will only be designated as a Collateral Obligation by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
Under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and as described herein, the Collateral Manager may only, on behalf of the Issuer, dispose of a limited percentage of Collateral Obligations in any period of 12 calendar months as well as any Collateral Obligation that meets the definition of a Defaulted Obligation, an Exchanged Security and, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, a Credit Risk Obligation or Credit Improved Obligation. Notwithstanding such restrictions and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, sales and purchases by the Collateral Manager of Collateral Obligations on behalf of the Issuer could result in losses by the Issuer, which will be borne in the first instance by the holders of the Subordinated Notes, then by the holders of the Class Z Notes and then by holders of the Rated Notes, beginning with the most junior Class.
In addition, circumstances may exist under which the Collateral Manager may believe that it is in the best interests of the Issuer to dispose of a Collateral Obligation, but will not be permitted to do so under the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
4.29 Retention Financing
The Retention Holder intends to enter into financing arrangements in respect of the Retention Notes that it is required to acquire in order to comply with the EU Retention Requirements (any such arrangements, the “Retention Financing Arrangements”), and in respect of any Retention Financing Arrangements, will either grant security over, or transfer title to, the Retention Notes in connection with such financing. If the collateral arrangements in respect of such Retention Financing Arrangements are by way of title transfer, the Retention Holder would retain the economic risk in the Retention Notes but not legal ownership of them. None of the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder, any Agent, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Sole Arranger, the Initial Purchaser or any of their respective Affiliates makes any representation, warranty or guarantee that such Retention Financing Arrangements will comply with the EU Retention Requirements. In particular, should the Retention Holder default in the performance of its obligations under the Retention Financing Arrangements, the lender or lenders thereunder would have the right to enforce the security granted by the Retention Holder, including effecting the sale or appropriation of some or all of the Retention Notes or, if the collateral arrangements in respect of such Retention Financing Arrangements are by way of title transfer, the Retention Holder would not be entitled to have the Retention Notes (or equivalent securities) returned to it. In exercising its rights pursuant to any Retention Financing Arrangements, any lender would not be required to have regard to the EU Retention Requirements and any such sale or appropriation may therefore cause the transaction described in this Offering Circular to be non-compliant with the EU Retention Requirements. See “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Risk Retention and Transparency Requirements – EU Retention and Transparency Requirements” and see “Conflicts of Interest – Certain Conflicts of Interest Involving or Relating to the Initial Purchaser and its Affiliates”. Additionally, a default by a financing counterparty under a Retention Financing Arrangement that was effected by way of title transfer may also result in the Retention Notes failing to be returned to the Retention Holder. Although the Collateral Manager may direct a Regulatory Refinancing and purchase additional Notes thereunder in order to maintain compliance with the EU Retention Requirements and/or the U.S. Retention Regulations (if applicable), there can be no assurance that the Regulatory Refinancing in accordance with Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing) will be viewed effective for such purposes by the applicable governmental authorities. See Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing).
The term of any Retention Financing Arrangements may be considerably shorter than the effective term of the Notes, and separately, or as a result of other terms of the Retention Financing Arrangements may require the Retention Holder to repay or refinance the Retention Financing Arrangements whilst some or all Classes of Notes are Outstanding. If refinancing opportunities were limited at such time and the Retention Holder was unable to repay the retention financing from its own resources, the Retention Holder could, subject to being so permitted or required by the terms of the Retention Financing Arrangements, be forced to sell some or all of the Retention Notes in order to obtain funds to repay the retention financing without regard to the EU Retention Requirements, and such sales may therefore cause the transaction described in this Offering Circular to be non-compliant with the EU Retention Requirements.
4.30 Regulatory Risk
In many jurisdictions, especially in continental Europe, engaging in lending activities “in” certain jurisdictions whether conducted via the granting of loans, purchases of receivables, discounting of invoices, guarantee transactions or otherwise (collectively, “Lending Activities”) is generally considered a regulated financial activity and, accordingly, must be conducted in compliance with applicable local banking laws. In many such jurisdictions, there is comparatively little statutory, regulatory or interpretive guidance issued by the competent authorities or other authoritative guidance as to what constitutes the conduct of Lending Activities in such jurisdictions.
As such, Collateral Obligations may be subject to these local law requirements. Moreover, these regulatory considerations may differ depending on the country in which each Obligor is located or domiciled, on the type of Obligor and other considerations. Therefore, at the time when Collateral Obligations are acquired by the Issuer, there can be no assurance that, as a result of the application of regulatory law, rule or regulation or interpretation thereof by the relevant governmental body or agency,
or change in such application or interpretation thereof by such governmental body or agency, payments on the Collateral Obligations might not in the future be adversely affected as a result of such application of regulatory law or that the Issuer might become subject to proceedings or action by the relevant governmental body or agency, which, if determined adversely to the Issuer, may adversely affect its ability to make payments in respect of the Notes.
4.31 Ownership of Collateral Obligations through one or more Issuer Subsidiaries
Some of the Collateral Obligations and other assets of the Issuer may be held by one or more subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any such Issuer Subsidiary may be
(i) subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis (and possibly a branch profits tax as well) and/or interest and penalties, (ii) subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on some or all of its income, and/or (iii) required to withhold tax in respect of any distributions it makes to the Issuer. No opinion of counsel will be received regarding the U.S. federal income or other tax treatment of the Issuer Subsidiary. Taxes incurred or withheld by the Issuer Subsidiary may reduce amounts that would otherwise be distributable to the Issuer, and subsequently available for distribution to investors.
4.32 Valuation Information; Limited Information
None of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Collateral Manager or any other transaction party will be required to provide periodic pricing or valuation information to investors. Investors will receive limited information with regard to the Collateral Obligations and none of the transaction parties (including the Issuer, Trustee and Collateral Manager) will be required to provide any information other than what is required in the Trust Deed or the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Furthermore, if any information is provided to the Noteholders (including required reports under the Trust Deed), such information may not be audited. Finally, the Collateral Manager may be in possession of material, non-public information with regard to the Collateral Obligations and will not be required to disclose such information to the Noteholders.
4.33 Recharacterisation of Trading Gains
The Collateral Manager may, in its discretion, direct that all or part of any Trading Gains which would have been deposited into the Principal Account and designated for reinvestment or used to redeem the Notes in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments are instead deposited into the Interest Account, subject to certain conditions, including the Class F Par Value Ratio being at least equal to the Issue Date Class F Par Value Ratio after giving effect to any such deposit. Such Trading Gains will then be distributed as Interest Proceeds in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. As a result, such Trading Gains would not be available to be reinvested in Collateral Obligations and therefore the Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations securing the Notes may be less than what would have otherwise been the case if such amounts had been reinvested in Collateral Obligations. See Condition 3(l)(ii) (Interest Account).
5. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
The Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Manager, are acting in a number of capacities in connection with the transaction described herein, which may give rise to certain conflicts of interest. The following briefly summarises some of these conflicts, but is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all such conflicts.
Certain Conflicts of Interest Involving or Relating to the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates

The following briefly summarises certain potential and actual conflicts of interest which may arise from the overall investment activity of the Collateral Manager, its clients and its affiliates, but is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all such conflicts. The scope of the activities of the affiliates of the Collateral Manager and the funds and clients advised by affiliates of the Collateral Manager may give rise to conflicts of interest or other restrictions and/or limitations imposed on the Issuer in the future that cannot be foreseen or mitigated at this time.
On the Issue Date, the Collateral Manager expects to purchase the Retention Notes. The Collateral Manager and one or more of its Collateral Manager Related Persons may from time to time hold other
Notes of any Class. Although the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Manager Related Persons and/or other parties related to or affiliated with the Collateral Manager may at times be Noteholders, the interests and incentives for such Noteholders will not necessarily be aligned with those of the other Noteholders of any particular Class. The Collateral Manager may rebate or otherwise not receive a portion of the Collateral Management Fees that relate to the ownership, if any, of Notes by certain Collateral Manager Related Persons. Such an arrangement may affect the incentives of the Collateral Manager in managing the Collateral Obligations or the Loss Mitigation Loans and may also affect the actions or inactions of that Noteholder in taking (or failing to take) any actions it may be permitted to take under the Trust Deed and other Transaction Documents, including votes concerning amendments.
If the Collateral Manager Related Persons or other parties related to or affiliated with the Collateral Manager collectively become the holders of a majority of the Subordinated Notes, they will have the ability to direct the Issuer and the Trustee to take, or not to take, certain actions in their capacity as Noteholders. Holders of a majority of the Subordinated Notes may, amongst other things and subject to other conditions or restrictions that may apply: (i) nominate a successor collateral manager if the Collateral Manager resigns or is removed for cause, (ii) direct certain redemptions or prevent other holders of Notes from directing those redemptions, (iii) consent to the issuance of additional notes by the Issuer and (iv) consent to or direct certain refinancings of the Notes. If such parties become the holders of not less than 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate outstanding amount of the Subordinated Notes, the Collateral Manager Related Persons or other parties related to or affiliated with the Collateral Manager will also have the ability, subject to certain conditions, to direct an optional redemption in whole pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) or to prevent the other holders of Subordinated Notes from directing an optional redemption in whole pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event). Any such rights afforded to the Collateral Manager Related Persons or other parties related to or affiliated with the Collateral Manager in their capacities as holders will be in addition to any contractual rights (including certain consent rights) available to the Collateral Manager in its capacity as such.
In addition, the Collateral Manager may discuss the composition of the Collateral Obligations and other matters relating to the transactions contemplated hereby with other Collateral Manager Related Persons or other parties related to or affiliated with the Collateral Manager and may have such discussions with other beneficial owners of Notes or stakeholders in the Issuer, other transaction parties or other Persons. There can be no assurance that any such discussions will not influence the actions or inactions of the Collateral Manager. As a Noteholder, each of the Collateral Manager Related Persons (or any Affiliate of the Collateral Manager as the investment adviser to a Collateral Manager Related Person or other parties related to or affiliated with the Collateral Manager) will be free to exercise the voting, consent and other rights of the Notes in whatever way each determines to be in its own interests and without taking into account the interests of the other Noteholders.
The Collateral Manager may only be removed for “cause”, notwithstanding any losses that Noteholders may realise upon their investments in Notes. See “Description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement – Removal of the Collateral Manager for Cause”. Any Notes held by (i) Collateral Manager Related Persons shall not have any voting rights in respect of, and shall not be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the results of voting on any CM Removal Resolution; and (ii) the Collateral Manager shall not have any voting rights in respect of, and shall not be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the results of voting on any CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution.
The Collateral Manager, one or more of its Affiliates or the Collateral Manager Related Persons may also have ongoing relationships with companies whose securities or loans are pledged to secure the Secured Obligations and may own debt and equity securities of issuers or obligors of Collateral Obligations. As a result, officers of the Collateral Manager, one or more of its Affiliates and the Collateral Manager Related Persons may possess information relating to issuers or obligors of Collateral Obligations which is not known to the individuals at the Collateral Manager responsible for monitoring the Collateral Obligations or performing obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, and such officers will be under no obligation to make such information available to those responsible for monitoring the applicable Collateral Obligations or performing obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Additionally, the
Collateral Manager, one or more of its Affiliates and other Collateral Manager Related Persons may receive fees or other benefits for these services which are greater than any fees the Collateral Manager is receiving for its services to the Issuer. This disparity in fee income may create potential conflicts of interest relating to the Collateral Manager’s obligations to the Issuer and its and/or any such Affiliate’s or Collateral Manager Related Persons’ obligations to such other clients. The Collateral Manager, one or more of its Affiliates and other Collateral Manager Related Persons may also carry on investment activities for their own accounts and for family members and friends who do not invest in the Issuer, and may give advice and recommend investments to other managed accounts or investment funds which may differ from advice given to, or investments recommended for, the Issuer, even in cases where their investment objectives may be the same or similar.
In addition, the Collateral Manager, one or more of its Affiliates and other Collateral Manager Related Persons may invest in securities or loans that are pari passu, senior or junior to, or have interests different from or adverse to, the Collateral Obligations of the Issuer. In such instances, the Collateral Manager, such Affiliates and other Collateral Manager Related Persons may in their discretion, subject to certain restrictions, make investment recommendations and decisions that may be the same as or different from those made with respect to the Issuer’s investments. The Collateral Manager, one or more of its Affiliates and other Collateral Manager Related Persons currently, and/or may in the future, serve as collateral manager for, invest in or be affiliated with other entities organised to issue collateralised loan obligations (CLOs), collateralised debt obligations (CDOs) or collateralised bond obligations (CBOs) secured or backed by assets similar to the Collateral Obligations. The Collateral Manager and its Affiliates may at certain times be simultaneously seeking to purchase or sell investments for the Issuer and any similar entity for which it serves as collateral manager at such time, or for its affiliates (including any account, portfolio or investment company for which the Collateral Manager or any affiliate serves as manager or investment advisor). Other entities for which the Collateral Manager or its Affiliates serve as collateral manager may have investment objectives, programs, strategies and positions that are similar or dissimilar to or may conflict with those of the Issuer. Also, such other entities may invest in businesses that compete with, have interests adverse to, or are affiliated with the issuers or obligors of assets held by the Issuer, which could adversely affect the performance of the Issuer. There is no assurance that any such other entities with investment objectives, programs or strategies similar to those of the Issuer will hold the same positions or perform in a substantially similar manner as the Issuer. The Collateral Manager and its Affiliates may give advice or take action with respect to the investments of other Collateral Manager Related Persons which may differ from the advice given or the timing or nature of any action taken with respect to investments of the Issuer. As a result of such advice or actions, the prices and availability of securities and other financial instruments in which the Issuer invests or may seek to invest, and the performance of the Issuer, may be adversely affected.
When buying and selling assets for client accounts, including the Issuer, other CLO, CDO, CBO or similar clients and Collateral Manager Related Persons, the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates generally aggregate multiple transactions into one order so that multiple accounts may participate equally over time on a fair and equitable basis, in terms of best available cost, efficiency and terms under the circumstances. Although certain accounts may be excluded from a given aggregated order, no account is favoured over any other account on an overall, long-term basis. Each account that participates in an aggregated order participates at the average price, except as noted below. Typically transaction costs are shared pro rata based on each account’s participation in the transaction. In certain transactions, prices may differ as a result of differences in fees, taxes and transaction charges that are assessed on each participating account and vary depending upon a number of factors including, but not limited to, the domicile of the account, the size of participating accounts or amounts allocated. The Collateral Manager will determine whether an asset is appropriate for one or more of their respective CLO, CDO, CBO or similar clients on the basis of a number of factors including each such client’s eligibility criteria, concentration limitations and portfolio tests, both at the time of such determination and prospectively, in addition to any other factors relevant at the time. It is possible, due to differing investment objectives or other reasons, that the Collateral Manager may purchase assets for one client or account and sell such assets for another client or account.
Portfolio transactions for the Issuer, other CLO, CDO, CBO or similar clients and for Collateral Manager Related Persons are allocated to broker-dealers on the basis of best execution available in light of the overall quality of brokerage, prime brokerage, financing and other services provided to the Issuer. In
seeking best execution, the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates may consider a variety of factors including quality of execution, reputation, financial strength and stability, block trading and block positioning capabilities, willingness and ability to execute difficult transactions, willingness and ability to commit capital, access to underwritten offerings and secondary markets, ongoing reliability, overall costs of a trade including commissions, mark-ups, mark-downs or spreads in the context of the Collateral Manager’s knowledge of negotiated commission rates currently available and other current transaction costs, nature of the investment and the available market makers, desired timing of the transaction and size of trade, confidentiality of trading activity and other similar services.
Certain separately managed accounts or funds managed by the Collateral Manager and one or more of its Affiliates may require the Collateral Manager or such Affiliates to apply a different valuation methodology in valuing specific investments than the valuation methodology set forth in the Transaction Documents for the Issuer. As a result of such different methodology, the value of certain investments held in such separately managed accounts or funds managed by the Collateral Manager may differ from the value assigned to the same investments held by the Issuer by the Transaction Documents.
Although the Collateral Manager will devote as much time to the Issuer as the Collateral Manager deems appropriate, in order to satisfy its obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager may have conflicts in allocating its time and services among the Issuer and the Collateral Manager Related Persons. In addition, the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates, in connection with their other business activities, may acquire material non-public confidential information and enter into non-disclosure agreements that may restrict the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates from purchasing investments or selling investments for themselves or their respective clients (including the Issuer) or otherwise using such information for the benefit of their respective clients or themselves.
The Collateral Manager may from time to time decline to direct the purchase or sale hereunder of investments that are otherwise suitable for purchase or sale hereunder in the event that such investments have been issued by (i) Persons of which the Collateral Manager, one or more of its Affiliates or any of its or their officers, directors or employees are directors or officers, (ii) Persons for which the Collateral Manager or one or more of its Affiliates act as financial advisor or underwriter or (iii) Persons about which the Collateral Manager or one or more of its Affiliates have information which the Collateral Manager deems confidential or non-public or otherwise might prohibit it from trading such investments in accordance with applicable law.
None of the Collateral Manager, its Affiliates or other Collateral Manager Related Persons is under any obligation to offer investment opportunities of which it becomes aware to the Issuer or to account to the Issuer (or share with the Issuer or inform the Issuer of) any such transaction or any benefit received by it from any such transaction or to inform the Issuer of any investments before offering any investments to other Collateral Manager Related Persons. Furthermore, the Collateral Manager and any of its Affiliates may make an investment on behalf of any Collateral Manager Related Persons without offering the investment opportunity or making any investment on behalf of the Issuer. Furthermore, the Collateral Manager, one or more of its Affiliates and any of the Collateral Manager Related Persons may make an investment on its own behalf without offering the investment opportunity to, or the Collateral Manager making any investment on behalf of, the Issuer. Affirmative obligations may exist, or may arise in the future, whereby the Collateral Manager or one or more of its Affiliates is obligated to offer certain investments to one or more Collateral Manager Related Persons before or without the Collateral Manager offering those investments to the Issuer. The Collateral Manager, each of its Affiliates and each of the Collateral Manager Related Persons has no affirmative obligation to offer any investments to the Issuer or to inform the Issuer of any investments before engaging in any investments for itself. The Collateral Manager may make investments on behalf of the Issuer in assets that it has declined to invest in for its own account, the account of any Collateral Manager Related Persons or the account of its other clients. The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement provides that, after the Issue Date, Collateral Obligations may be purchased from or sold to Collateral Manager Related Persons; any such purchase or sale will be effected in accordance with the Collateral Manager’s internal policies and procedures and applicable law.
The Collateral Manager may effect “cross” transactions between a Collateral Manager Related Person and the Issuer if permitted by applicable law. In such a case, the Issuer will purchase investments held by one or more of the Collateral Manager Related Persons, or will sell investments to one or more of the Collateral Manager Related Persons. The Collateral Manager and its Affiliates will effect these transactions only (i) when the Collateral Manager and, if applicable, one or more of its Affiliates deem the transaction to be in the best interest of both the Issuer and the applicable Collateral Manager Related Person and (ii) at a price and under circumstances that the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates have determined, by reference to independent market indicators, to constitute Best Execution for the Issuer and the applicable Collateral Manager Related Person. “Best Execution” means the method whereby the Collateral Manager takes all sufficient steps to obtain the best possible results for the Issuer in accordance with The Handbook of Rules and Guidance of the FCA, as amended, varied or substituted from time to time. Neither the Collateral Manager nor any of its Affiliates receives any compensation in connection with “cross” transactions. To the extent that any such transactions may be viewed as a principal transaction, the Collateral Manager will comply with the written policies and procedures of the Collateral Manager then in effect regarding cross trades and principal transactions as well as applicable law. “Inadvertent” cross transactions may also occur when trades cross in the market. For example, when the Collateral Manager or its Affiliates periodically rebalance accounts, certain Collateral Manager Related Persons may sell investments into the market at the same time that other Collateral Manager Related Persons and/or the Issuer are purchasing the same investments in the market, resulting in an inadvertent or “deemed” market cross. In these cases, the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates ensure that an independent broker-dealer establishes the price for the transaction. In these situations, the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates do not instruct the broker to directly move positions between accounts.
Certain of the fees payable to the Collateral Manager are payable on a senior basis, other fees payable to it are payable on a subordinated basis, and other fees are payable to it on an incentive basis. In certain circumstances, such payment arrangements could create a conflict of interest between the Collateral Manager and the Noteholders of one or more Classes of Notes.
As consideration for its collateral management services, the Collateral Manager may subscribe for a portion of the Class Z Notes on the Issue Date at their stated Issue Price. Such Class Z Notes may also be subscribed for by certain other Noteholders. Such Class Z Notes are being issued in place of the Collateral Manager receiving a subordinated management fee and may affect the incentives of the Collateral Manager in managing the Collateral Obligations and may also affect the actions of any Noteholders which are also Class Z Noteholders in taking any actions they may be permitted to take in respect of the Notes, including voting on any proposed amendments. In addition, the Collateral Manager shall use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the transfer of Class Z Notes to a successor collateral manager and such successor collateral manager would have to agree to the same or substantially similar fee arrangements. This may make it more difficult to assign the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or to find a successor collateral manager upon a resignation of the Collateral Manager.
Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. (“SCM”), an affiliate of the Collateral Manager, is a publicly traded company listed on the New York Stock Exchange. SCM has significant economic and business interests and objectives that are different than or conflict with those of the Issuer and the Collateral Manager Related Persons. Accordingly, the interests of shareholders of SCM may not be aligned with the interests of the Noteholders. In situations where these interests are not aligned, the Collateral Manager faces a conflict of interest when it acts or fails to act. In this regard, SCM has direct relationships with counterparties of Collateral Manager Related Persons—certain counterparties provide underwriting, consulting, administration and financing services to SCM. In particular, a financial services firm that provides a significant amount of services to Collateral Manager Related Persons (such as prime brokerage, custodial, administration and other services) has been a major source of liquidity to SCM through a term loan facility, the terms of which are disclosed in SCM’s public disclosure documents, which are available at www.sec.gov. Moreover, certain of these counterparties have in the past, and may in the future, underwrite and analyse SCM’s Class A shares.
Third party service providers and counterparties that provide services to, or engage in transactions with, SCM or its subsidiaries also provide services to, or engage in transactions with, the Issuer. These service providers and counterparties also provide services to, or engage in transactions with, SCM partners and
principals. The Collateral Manager has a conflict of interest in selecting these service providers and counterparties on behalf of the Issuer because the Collateral Manager may favour service providers and counterparties that provide services to SCM or its principals or subsidiaries for attractive fees or other terms of service.
Rating Agencies

Moody’s and S&P have been engaged by the Issuer to provide their ratings on the Rated Notes. Either Rating Agency may have a conflict of interest where the issuer of a security pays the fee charged by the Rating Agency for its rating services, as the case with the rating of the Rated Notes (with the exception of unsolicited ratings).
Certain Conflicts of Interest Involving or Relating to the Sole Arranger, the Initial Purchaser and its Affiliates

Barclays Bank PLC and its Affiliates (the “Barclays Parties”) will play various roles in relation to the offering, including acting as the structurer of the transaction and in other roles described below.
The Barclays Parties have been involved (together with the Collateral Manager) in the formulation of the Portfolio Profile Tests, Coverage Tests, Collateral Quality Tests, Priorities of Payment and other criteria in and provisions of the Trust Deed, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and the Retention Undertaking Letter. These may be influenced by discussions that the Initial Purchaser may have or have had with investors and there is no assurance that investors would agree with the views of one another or that the resulting modifications will not adversely affect the performance of the Notes or any particular Class of Notes.
Barclays Bank PLC provided financing to the Issuer pursuant to the Warehouse Arrangements which will be terminated on the Issue Date. Barclays Bank PLC has acted and will continue to act, in its own commercial interest in the capacity as Warehouse Provider. Barclays Bank PLC’s commercial interests under the Warehouse Arrangements may conflict with its commercial interests in its capacity as Initial Purchaser and/or Sole Arranger. Barclays Bank PLC’s commercial interests as Warehouse Provider may also conflict with the interests of the Noteholders and the transaction contemplated herein. See “The Warehouse Arrangements” above.
The Initial Purchaser will purchase the Subscribed Notes from the Issuer on the Issue Date and resell them in individually negotiated transactions at varying prices, which may result in a lower fee being paid to the Initial Purchaser in respect of those Notes. The Initial Purchaser may elect in its sole discretion to rebate a portion of its fees in respect of the Subscribed Notes to certain investors, including the Retention Holder. The Initial Purchaser may assist clients and counterparties in transactions related to the Notes (including assisting clients in future purchases and sales of the Notes and hedging transactions). The Initial Purchaser expects to earn fees and other revenues from these transactions.
The Barclays Parties are part of a global investment banking and securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net-worth individuals. As such, they actively make markets in and trade financial instruments for their own account and for the accounts of customers in the ordinary course of their business. The financial services that the Barclays Parties may provide also include financing and, as such, the Barclays Parties may have and/or may provide financing to Collateral Manager Related Persons. In carrying out its obligations as Initial Purchaser or any other transaction party, no Barclays Party shall be under any duty to disclose to the Collateral Manager, the Issuer, the Trustee, any Noteholders, prospective investor or any other person, any non-public information acquired in the course of carrying on any business for, or in connection with, the provision of services to any other party. The Barclays Parties may have positions in and will likely have placed or underwritten certain of the Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans (or other obligations of the Obligors of Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans) when they were originally issued and may have provided or may be providing investment banking services and other services to Obligors of certain Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans. In addition, the Barclays Parties and their clients may invest in debt obligations and securities that are senior to, or have interests different from or adverse to,
Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans. Each of the Barclays Parties will act in its own commercial interest in its various capacities without regard to whether its interests conflict with those of the Noteholders or any other party. Moreover, the Issuer may invest in loans of Obligors Affiliated with the Barclays Parties or in which one or more Barclays Parties hold an equity or participation interest. The purchase, holding or sale of such Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans by the Issuer may increase the profitability of the Barclays Party’s own investments in such Obligors.
From time to time the Collateral Manager will purchase from or sell Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans through or to the Barclays Parties (including a portion of the Collateral Obligations or the Loss Mitigation Loans to be purchased on or prior to the Issue Date) and one or more Barclays Parties may act as the selling institution with respect to Participation Agreements and/or a counterparty under a Hedge Agreement. The Barclays Parties may act as initial purchaser and/or arranger or collateral manager in other transactions involving issues of collateralised debt obligations or other investment funds with assets similar to those of the Issuer, which may have an adverse effect on the availability of collateral for the Issuer and/or on the price of the Notes.
The Barclays Parties do not disclose specific trading positions or their hedging strategies, including whether they are in long or short positions in any Notes or obligations referred to in this Offering Circular except where required in accordance with the applicable law. Nonetheless, in the ordinary course of business, Barclays Parties and employees or customers of the Barclays Parties may actively trade in and/or otherwise hold long or short positions in the Notes, Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans, Collateral Enhancement Obligations, Exchanged Securities and Eligible Investments or enter into transactions to refinance the Notes, Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans, Collateral Enhancement Obligations, Exchanged Securities and Eligible Investments or the obligors thereof for their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers. If a Barclays Party becomes an owner of any of the Notes, through market-making activity or otherwise, any actions that it takes in its capacity as owner, including voting, providing consents or otherwise will not necessarily be aligned with the interests of other owners of the same Class or other Classes of the Notes. To the extent a Barclays Party makes a market in the Notes (which it is under no obligation to do), it would expect to receive income from the spreads between its bid and offer prices for the Notes. In connection with any such activity, it will have no obligation to take, refrain from taking or cease taking any action with respect to these transactions and activities based on the potential effect on an investor in the Notes. The price at which a Barclays Party may be willing to purchase Notes, if it makes a market, will depend on market conditions and other relevant factors and may be significantly lower than the issue price for the Notes and significantly lower than the price at which it may be willing to sell the Notes.
By purchasing a Note, each investor will be deemed to have acknowledged the existence of the conflicts of interest inherent to this transaction, including as described herein, and to have waived any claim with respect to any liability arising from the existence thereof.
The Initial Purchaser or its Affiliates may have placed or underwritten certain of the Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans when such Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans were originally issued and may have provided or be providing investment banking services and other services to issuers of certain Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans. It is expected that from time to time the Collateral Manager may purchase or sell Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans through, from or to the Initial Purchaser or its Affiliates, subject to such procedures and restrictions as are appropriate to comply with applicable law with respect to transactions in which an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager is acting as principal.
6. REGULATORY MATTERS INVOLVING OR RELATING TO THE COLLATERAL MANAGER AND ITS AFFILIATES
The U.S. Department of Justice (the “DOJ”), the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of New York (together with the DOJ, the “Offices”) and the SEC brought certain proceedings against SCM, certain of SCM’s subsidiaries and affiliates, and others in connection with payments to government officials to obtain investments by a foreign sovereign wealth fund in certain hedge funds managed by certain of SCM’s subsidiaries and affiliates in 2007, and similar payments relating to private investments
in Africa between 2007 and 2011 by private equity funds and investment vehicles managed by SCM’s subsidiaries and affiliates.
As part of the settlement in connection with these matters, SCM entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (the “DPA”) with the Offices, and its subsidiary OZ Africa Management GP, LLC (“OZ Africa”) agreed to plead guilty in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York (the “Court”) on September 29, 2016, to one count of conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”). SCM also agreed to settle an administrative proceeding with the SEC involving violations of the FCPA and of the Investment Advisers Act. SCM paid a total of $412.1 million in penalties and disgorgement in connection with the above. Under the settlement, SCM and Sculptor Capital LP also agreed to implement enhanced internal accounting controls and policies, to separate the chief compliance officer from other officer positions, and to engage an independent compliance monitor for three years, subject to early termination or extension.
On November 4, 2020, in U.S. v. OZ Africa Management GP, LLC, Cr. No. 16-515 (NGG) (EDNY), the Court ordered restitution consistent with the terms of a settlement agreement between OZ Africa and certain former shareholders of Africo Resources Ltd. and imposed a sentence otherwise consistent with the settlement agreement between OZ Africa and the Offices. Per the Court’s sentence and the settlement agreement, OZ Africa paid approximately $138.0 million to former shareholders of Africo Resources Ltd.
On November 18, 2020, the DPA with the Offices terminated.
With the completion of the above-described events, SCM and its affiliates have concluded all legal issues stemming from their legacy dealings in Africa.
7. IRISH LAW
Preferred creditors under Irish law

Under Irish law, upon an insolvency of an Irish company such as the Issuer, when applying the proceeds of assets subject to fixed security that may have been realised in the course of a liquidation or receivership, the claims of a limited category of preferential creditors will take priority over the claims of creditors holding the relevant fixed security. These preferred claims include the remuneration, costs and expenses properly incurred by any examiner of the company (that may include any borrowings made by an examiner to fund the company’s requirements for the duration of his appointment) that have been approved by the Irish courts. See the section entitled “Examinership” below.
The holder of a fixed security over the book debts of an Irish incorporated company (that would include the Issuer) may be required by the Irish Revenue Commissioners, by notice in writing from the Irish Revenue Commissioners, to pay to them sums equivalent to those that the holder received in payment of debts due to it by the company.
Where notice has been given to the Irish Revenue Commissioners of the creation of the security within 21 calendar days of its creation by the holder of the security, the holder’s liability is limited to the amount of certain outstanding Irish tax liabilities of the company (including liabilities in respect of VAT) arising after the issuance of the Irish Revenue Commissioners’ notice to the holder of fixed security.
The Irish Revenue Commissioners may also attach any debt due to an Irish tax resident company by another person in order to discharge any liabilities of the company in respect of outstanding tax, whether the liabilities are due on its own account or as an agent or trustee. The scope of this right of the Irish Revenue Commissioners has not yet been considered by the Irish courts and it may override the rights of holders of security (whether fixed or floating) over the debt in question.
In relation to the disposal of assets of any Irish tax resident company that are subject to security, a person entitled to the benefit of the security may be liable for tax in relation to any capital gains made by the company on a disposal of those assets on exercise of the security.
The essence of a fixed charge is that the chargor does not have liberty to deal with the assets that are the subject matter of the security in the sense of disposing of such assets or expending or appropriating the moneys or claims constituting such assets and accordingly, if and to the extent that such liberty is given to the Issuer, any charge constituted by the Trust Deed may operate as a floating, rather than a fixed charge.
In particular, the Irish courts have held that in order to create a fixed charge on receivables, it is necessary to oblige the chargor to pay the proceeds of collection of the receivables into a designated bank account and to prohibit the chargor from withdrawing or otherwise dealing with the moneys standing to the credit of such account without the consent of the chargee.
Depending upon the level of control actually exercised by the chargor, there is therefore a possibility that the fixed security purported to be created by the Trust Deed would be regarded by the Irish courts as a floating charge.
Floating charges have certain weaknesses, including the following:
(a) they have weak priority against purchasers (who are not on notice of any negative pledge contained in the floating charge) and the chargees of the assets concerned and against lien holders, execution creditors and creditors with rights of set-off;
(b) as discussed above, they rank after certain preferential creditors, such as claims of employees and certain taxes on winding-up;
(c) they rank after certain insolvency remuneration expenses and liabilities;
(d) the examiner of a company has certain rights to deal with the property covered by the floating charge; and
(e) they rank after fixed charges.
Examinership

Examinership is a court procedure available under the Irish Companies Act 2014 (as amended), to facilitate the survival of Irish companies in financial difficulties.
The Issuer, the Directors, a contingent, prospective or actual creditor of the Issuer, or shareholders of the Issuer holding, at the date of presentation of the petition, not less than one-tenth of the voting share capital of the Issuer, are each entitled to petition the Irish Circuit Court or High Court (as appropriate) (each an “Irish Examinership Court”) for the appointment of an examiner. The examiner, once appointed, has the power to set aside contracts and arrangements entered into by the company after his appointment and, in certain circumstances, can avoid a negative pledge given by the company prior to his appointment. Furthermore, he may sell assets which are the subject of a fixed charge. However, if such power is exercised he must account to the holders of the fixed charge for the amount realised and discharge the amount due to them out of the proceeds of sale.
During the period of protection, the examiner will formulate proposals for a compromise or scheme of arrangement to assist the survival of the company or the whole or any part of its undertaking as a going concern. A scheme of arrangement may be approved by the appropriate Irish Examinership Court when at least one class of creditors has voted in favour of the proposals and the appropriate Irish Examinership Court is satisfied that such proposals are fair and equitable in relation to any class of members or creditors who have not accepted the proposals and whose interests would be impaired by the implementation of the scheme of arrangement.
In considering proposals by the examiner, it is likely that secured and unsecured creditors would form separate classes of creditors. In the case of the Issuer, if the Trustee represented the majority in number and value of claims within the secured creditor class, the Trustee would be in a position to reject any proposal not in favour of the Noteholders. The Trustee would also be entitled to argue at the appropriate Irish Examinership Court hearing at which the proposed scheme of arrangement is considered that the
proposals are unfair and inequitable in relation to the Noteholders, especially if such proposals include a writing down of the value of amounts due by the Issuer to the Noteholders. The primary risks to the holders of Notes if an examiner were to be appointed in respect of the Issuer are as follows:
(a) the potential for a scheme of arrangement to be approved involving the writing down of the debt owed by the Issuer to the Noteholders as secured by the Trust Deed;
(b) the potential for the examiner to seek to set aside any negative pledge in the Notes prohibiting the creation of security or the incurring of borrowings by the Issuer to enable the examiner to borrow to fund the Issuer during the protection period; and
(c) in the event that a scheme of arrangement is not approved and the Issuer subsequently goes into liquidation, the examiner’s remuneration and expenses (including certain borrowings incurred by the examiner on behalf of the Issuer and approved by the relevant Irish Examinership Court) will take priority over the moneys and liabilities which from time to time are or may become due, owing or payable by the Issuer to each of the secured creditors under the Notes or under any other secured obligations.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The following are the terms and conditions of each of the Class A Notes, the Class B-1 Notes, the Class B-2 Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes, substantially in the form in which they will be endorsed on such Notes if issued in definitive certificated form and which will be incorporated by reference into the Global Certificates of each Class representing the Notes in global certificated form.

The issue of €186,000,000 Class A Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class A Notes”)),
€11,200,000 Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class B-1 Notes”), €12,400,000 Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class B-2 Notes” and, together with the Class B-1 Notes (the “Class B Notes”)), €18,900,000 Class C Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class C Notes”), €20,500,000 Class D Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class D Notes”), €18,600,000 Class E Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class E Notes”),
€5,100,000 Class F Senior Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2034 (the “Class F Notes” and, together with the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes, the “Rated Notes”), €15,000,000 Class Z Notes due 2034 (the “Class Z Notes”) and €28,050,000 Subordinated Notes due 2034 (the “Subordinated Notes” and, together with the Rated Notes and the Class Z Notes, the “Notes”) of Sculptor European CLO VII DAC (the “Issuer”) was authorised by resolution of the board of Directors of the Issuer dated on or about 4 December 2020. The Notes are constituted by a trust deed (together with any other security document entered into in respect of the Notes the “Trust Deed”) dated 11 December 2020 between (amongst others) the Issuer and BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited (the “Trustee”, which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Trust Deed as trustee) for the Noteholders and security trustee for the Secured Parties.
These terms and conditions of the Notes (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed (which includes the forms of the certificates representing the Notes). The following agreements have been entered into in relation to the Notes: (a) an agency agreement dated 11 December 2020 (the “Agency Agreement”) between, amongst others, the Issuer, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch as registrar and transfer agent (respectively, “Registrar” and “Transfer Agent”, which terms shall include any successor or substitute registrar or transfer agent appointed pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement), The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch as principal paying agent, account bank, calculation agent and custodian (respectively, “Principal Paying Agent”, “Account Bank”, “Calculation Agent” and “Custodian”, which terms shall include any successor or substitute principal paying agent, account bank, calculation agent or custodian, respectively, appointed pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement), and the Trustee; (b) a collateral management and administration agreement dated 11 December 2020 (the “Collateral Management and Administration Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Trustee and Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited, as Collateral Manager in respect of the Portfolio (the “Collateral Manager”, which term shall include any successor collateral manager appointed pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement), the Custodian, The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch as collateral administrator and information agent (respectively, “Collateral Administrator” and “Information Agent”, which terms shall include any successor collateral administrator or information agent appointed pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement); (c) a corporate services agreement dated 9 October 2019 between the Issuer and TMF Administration Services Limited (the “Corporate Services Provider”, which term shall include any successor or replacement corporate services provider of the Issuer appointed in accordance with the terms of the Corporate Services Agreement) (the “Corporate Services Agreement”, which term shall include any subsequent corporate services agreement entered into between the Issuer and any such successor or replacement corporate services provider); and (d) a subscription agreement between the Issuer and Barclays Bank PLC as initial purchaser (the “Initial Purchaser”) dated 11 December 2020 (the “Subscription Agreement”). Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and the Corporate Services Agreement are available for inspection during usual business hours at the registered office of the Issuer (presently at 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland) and at the specified office of the Transfer Agent for the time being. The holders of each Class of Notes are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Trust Deed, and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of each other Transaction Document.
The UK withdrew from and ceased to be a member state of the EU at 11:00 p.m. GMT on 31 January 2020. The negotiated withdrawal agreement entered into between the UK and the EU provides for a transition period,
commencing on 31 January 2020 and ending at 11.00 p.m. GMT on 31 December 2020 (such period, the “Transition Period”). Unless otherwise provided in the negotiated withdrawal agreement, EU law will be applicable to and in the UK during the transition period. Accordingly, during the Transition Period any references in these Conditions or any Transaction Document to the “EU” and its “Member States” in the context of EU legislation and the application thereof shall be interpreted so as to include the UK (except where expressly indicated otherwise).
1. Definitions
“Acceleration Notice” shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 10(b) (Acceleration).
“Accounts” means the Principal Account, the Custody Account, the Interest Account, the Unused Proceeds Account, the Payment Account, the Expense Reserve Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, the Currency Account, the Hedge Termination Account, the First Period Reserve Account, the Interest Smoothing Account and the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account, all the books and records of which shall be held outside Ireland.
“Accrual Period” means, in respect of each Class of Notes, the period from and including the Issue Date (or,
(a) in the case of a Class that is subject to Refinancing, the Business Day upon which the Refinancing, respectively, occurs, or (b) in the case of a Regulatory Refinancing, the Business Day upon which the Regulatory Refinancing occurs) to, but excluding, the first Payment Date (or, (a) in the case of a Class that is subject to Refinancing, the first Payment Date following the Refinancing, or (b) in the case of Regulatory Refinancing, the first Payment Date following the Regulatory Refinancing) and each successive period from and including each Payment Date to, but excluding, the following Payment Date (or if earlier, the Business Day upon which the Refinancing in respect of the relevant Class occurs), provided that for the purpose of calculating the interest payable in accordance with Condition 6(e)(iii) (Fixed Rate of Interest), the Payment Date shall not be adjusted if the relevant Payment Date would have fallen on a day other than a Business Day but for the proviso in the definition of Payment Date.
“Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount” means, as of any date of determination:
the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations (other than Defaulted Obligations,
Discount Obligations, Purchased Discount Obligations and Deferring Securities); plus the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Loss Mitigation Loans;
unpaid accrued interest purchased with Principal Proceeds (other than with respect to Defaulted Obligations); plus
without duplication, the Balance standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account (only in respect of such amounts that are not designated as Interest Proceeds to be credited to the Interest Account) and including the principal amount of any Eligible Investments purchased with such Balance but excluding any interest accrued on Eligible Investments, provided that for such purpose:
(i) Principal Proceeds to be used to purchase Collateral Obligations in respect of which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to purchase the relevant Collateral Obligations but such purchase(s) have not yet settled shall be excluded from the Balances in the calculation of the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount as if such purchase had been completed; and
(ii) Principal Proceeds to be received from Collateral Obligations in respect of which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to sell the relevant Collateral Obligations but such sale(s) have not yet settled, shall be included in the Balances in the calculation of the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount as if such sale has been completed; plus
in relation to a Deferring Security or a Defaulted Obligation the lesser of (i) its S&P Collateral Value and
(ii) its Moody’s Collateral Value; provided that, in the case of a Defaulted Obligation, the value determined under this paragraph (e) of a Defaulted Obligation that has been a Defaulted Obligation for a continuous period of more than three years after the date on which it became a Defaulted Obligation and continues to be a Defaulted Obligation on such date shall be zero; plus
the aggregate, for each Discount Obligation, of the product of its (x) Discount Obligation Value and
(y) Principal Balance of such Discount Obligation; plus
the aggregate, for each Purchased Discount Obligation, for the product of the: (i) purchase price (expressed as a percentage of par and excluding accrued interest); and (ii) Principal Balance of such Purchased Discount Obligation; minus
the Excess CCC/Caa Adjustment Amount; minus
for the purpose of determining any Par Value Ratio only, any capital tax liability (or anticipated capital tax liability) of any Issuer Subsidiary related to an Issuer Subsidiary Asset and any amounts expected to be withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes arising from any distribution or dividend relating to such Issuer Subsidiary Asset made (or anticipated to be made) by the relevant Issuer Subsidiary to the Issuer (unless such withholding or deduction can be reduced in full or in part by application being made under the applicable double tax treaty or otherwise),
provided that:
(i) with respect to any Collateral Obligation that satisfies more than one of the definitions of Defaulted Obligation, Discount Obligation, Deferring Security and/or that falls into the Excess CCC/Caa Adjustment Amount, such Collateral Obligation shall, for the purposes of this definition, be treated as belonging to the category of Collateral Obligations which results in the lowest Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount on any date of determination; and
(ii) in respect of paragraph (b) above, any non-Euro amounts received will be converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate.
“Administrative Expenses” means amounts due and payable by the Issuer in the following order of priority (in each case, except as expressly provided otherwise, together with any VAT thereon (and to the extent such amounts relate to costs and expenses of a person other than the Issuer, such VAT shall be limited to irrecoverable VAT), whether payable to the relevant tax authority or to the relevant party):
on a pro rata and pari passu basis, to (i) the Agents pursuant to the Agency Agreement (including legal fees, reimbursements and amounts payable by way of indemnity in each case to the extent provided for therein), (ii) the Collateral Administrator and the Information Agent pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (including legal fees, reimbursements and amounts payable by way of indemnity in each case to the extent provided for therein); (iii) the Corporate Services Provider pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement;
on a pro rata and pari passu basis, each Hedge Counterparty pursuant to any Reporting Agreement; on a pro rata and pari passu basis:
(i) to any Rating Agency which may from time to time be requested to assign (i) a rating to each of the Rated Notes, or (ii) a confidential credit estimate to any of the Collateral Obligations, for fees and expenses (including surveillance fees) in connection with any such rating or confidential credit estimate including, in each case, the ongoing monitoring thereof and any other amounts due and payable to any Rating Agency under the terms of the Issuer’s engagement with such Rating Agency;
(ii) to the independent certified public accountants, auditors, agents and counsel of the Issuer (other than amounts payable to the Agents pursuant to paragraph (a) above);
(iii) to the Collateral Manager pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (including, but not limited to, amounts by way of indemnity and all ordinary costs, fees, out of pocket expenses, brokerage fees incurred by the Collateral Manager and the costs and expenses of any agents providing systems administration services to the Collateral Manager), but excluding any Collateral Management Fees or any VAT payable thereon and excluding any amounts in respect of Collateral Manager Advances;
(iv) to any other Person in respect of any governmental fee or charge (for the avoidance of doubt excluding any taxes) or any statutory indemnity;
(v) to Euronext Dublin, or such other stock exchange or exchanges upon which any of the Notes are listed from time to time;
(vi) on a pro rata basis to any other Person in respect of any other fees or expenses contemplated in the Conditions and in the Transaction Documents or any other documents delivered pursuant to or in connection with the issue and sale of the Notes which are not provided for elsewhere in this definition or in the Priorities of Payment, including, without limitation, amounts payable to any listing agent and in respect of fees and expenses incurred by the Issuer (in its sole and absolute discretion) in assisting in the preparation, provision or validation of data for purposes of Noteholder tax jurisdictions;
(vii) to the Initial Purchaser pursuant to the Subscription Agreement in respect of any indemnity payable to it thereunder;
(viii) to the payment on a pro rata basis of any fees, expenses or indemnity payments in relation to the restructuring of a Collateral Obligation, including but not limited to a steering committee relating thereto;
(ix) on a pro rata basis to any Selling Institution pursuant to any Participation Agreement after the date of entry into any Participation (excluding, for avoidance of doubt, any payments on account of any Unfunded Amounts); and
(x) to the payment of any amounts necessary to ensure the orderly dissolution of the Issuer; on a pro rata and pari passu basis:
(i) on a pro rata basis to any other Person (including the Collateral Manager) in connection with satisfying the requirements of Rule 17g-5, EMIR, CRA3, AIFMD, the Securitisation Regulation or the Dodd-Frank Act, in each case as applicable to the Issuer only;
(ii) on a pro rata basis to any Person (including the Collateral Manager and any third party appointed by the Issuer to assist with the Issuer’s reporting obligations pursuant to the Securitisation Regulation) in connection with satisfying the EU Retention Requirements and the EU Transparency Requirements, in each case as applicable to the Issuer only, including any costs or fees related to additional due diligence or reporting requirements (excluding, however, any pecuniary sanctions levied against the Retention Holder or Collateral Manager under Article 32 of the Securitisation Regulation);
(iii) FATCA Compliance Costs and CRS Compliance Costs;
(iv) any pecuniary sanctions levied on the Issuer arising under Article 32 of the Securitisation Regulation in relation to a failure by the Issuer to satisfy the EU Transparency Requirements;
(v) reasonable fees, costs and expenses of the Issuer and the Collateral Manager including reasonable attorneys’ fees of compliance by the Issuer and the Collateral Manager with the CEA (including rules and regulations promulgated thereunder) and fees related to the administration of the Portfolio including administrators and trustees;
(vi) on a pro rata basis any Refinancing Costs (including any amounts reserved or to be reserved to fund the payment of any anticipated fees, costs, charges and expenses that may be incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of an expected Refinancing) to the extent not already provided for above and to the extent not already paid as Trustee Fees and Expenses;
(vii) to any other Person in respect of any fees or expenses relating to any Issuer Subsidiary; and
(viii) except to the extent already provided for above, on a pro rata basis payment of any indemnities (to the extent not already covered above and to the extent not already paid as Trustee Fees and Expenses) payable to any Person as contemplated in these Conditions or the Transaction Documents and on a pro rata basis payment of all other fees, costs and expenses payable to any Person by the Issuer under the Transaction Documents and designated as “Administrative Expenses” of the Issuer,
provided that:
(x) the Collateral Manager may direct the payment of any Rating Agency fees set out in (c)(i) above other than in the order required by paragraph (c) above (but in all cases subject to amounts payable under paragraph (a) above having been paid in priority) if the Collateral Manager or Issuer has been advised by a Rating Agency that non-payment of its fees will immediately result in the withdrawal of any ratings on any Class of Rated Notes; and
(y) the Collateral Manager may, in its reasonable judgement, determine that a payment other than in the order required by paragraph (c) above (but in all cases subject to amounts payable under paragraph (a) above having been paid in priority) is required to ensure the delivery of certain accounting services and reports.
“Affiliate” or “Affiliated” means with respect to a Person:
any other Person who, directly or indirectly, is in control of, or controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person; or
any other Person who is a director, officer or employee:
(i) of such Person;
(ii) of any subsidiary or parent company of such Person; or
(iii) of any Person described in paragraph (a) above,
provided that, “Affiliate” or “Affiliated” in relation to the Collateral Manager shall not include portfolio companies in which funds managed or advised by Affiliates of the Collateral Manager hold an interest.
For the purposes of this definition, control of a Person shall mean the power, direct or indirect, (A) to vote more than 50 per cent. of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person, or
(B) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person whether by contract or otherwise.
“Agent” means each of the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Account Bank, the Collateral Administrator, the Information Agent and the Custodian, and each of their permitted successors or assigns appointed as agents of the Issuer pursuant to the Agency Agreement or, as the case may be, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and “Agents” shall be construed accordingly.
“Aggregate Funded Spread” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Aggregate Principal Balance” means (i) in respect of Collateral Obligations, the aggregate of the Principal Balances of all the Collateral Obligations and, when used with respect to some portion of the Collateral Obligations, means the aggregate of the Principal Balances of such portion of Collateral Obligations and (ii) in respect of Loss Mitigation Loans, the aggregate of the Principal Balances of all the Loss Mitigation Loans and, when used with respect to some portion of the Loss Mitigation Loans, means the aggregate of the Principal Balances of such portion of Loss Mitigation Loans, in each case, as at the date of determination.
“AIFMD” means EU Directive 2011/61/EU on Alternative Investment Fund Managers (as may be effective from time to time with any amendments of any successor or replacement provisions included in any European Union directive or regulation and as implemented by Member States of the European Union) together with any
implementing or delegated regulations, technical standards and guidance related thereto as may be amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time.
“Applicable Exchange Rate” means, in relation to any Currency Hedge Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation, the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate, and in any other case, the Spot Rate.
“Applicable Margin” has the meaning given thereto in Condition 6(e)(i)(C) (Floating Rate of Interest).
“Appointee” means any attorney, manager, agent, delegate, Receiver or other person properly appointed by the Trustee under the Trust Deed to discharge any of its functions or to advise it in relation thereto.
“Assignment” means an interest in a loan acquired directly by way of novation or assignment.
“Authorised Denomination” means, in respect of any Note, the Minimum Denomination thereof and any denomination equal to a multiple of the Authorised Integral Amount in excess of the Minimum Denomination thereof.
“Authorised Integral Amount” means: (i) in respect of the Class Z Notes, €1.00; and (ii) in respect of each other Class of Notes, €1,000.
“Authorised Officer” means, with respect to the Issuer, any Director of the Issuer or other Person as notified by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Trustee who is authorised to act for the Issuer in matters relating to, and binding upon, the Issuer.
“Balance” means, on any date, with respect to any cash or Eligible Investments standing to the credit of an Account (or any subaccount thereof), the aggregate of the:
current balance of cash, demand deposits, time deposits, certificates of deposits, government guaranteed funds and other investment funds;
outstanding principal amount of interest bearing corporate and government obligations and money market accounts and repurchase obligations; and
purchase price, up to an amount not exceeding the face amount, of non-interest bearing government and corporate obligations, commercial paper and certificates of deposit,
provided that any balance which is denominated in a currency other than Euro shall be converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate and in the event that a default as to payment of principal and/or interest has occurred and is continuing (disregarding any grace periods provided for pursuant to the terms thereof) in respect of any Eligible Investment or any material obligation of the obligor thereunder which is senior or equal in right of payment to such Eligible Investment, such Eligible Investment shall have a value equal to the lesser of its S&P Collateral Value and its Moody’s Collateral Value (determined as if such Eligible Investment were a Collateral Obligation).
“Bankruptcy Exchange” means the exchange of a Defaulted Obligation for any other debt obligation issued by another obligor which, but for the fact that such debt obligation is a Defaulted Obligation or Credit Risk Obligation, would otherwise qualify as a Collateral Obligation (subject to paragraph (j) below) and the Collateral Manager in its reasonable business judgment has determined that following conditions are satisfied:
at the time of the exchange, the Received Obligation has a better likelihood of recovery or is of better value or quality than the Exchanged Obligation;
at the time of the exchange, such Received Obligation is no less senior in right of payment with regard to its Obligor’s other outstanding indebtedness than the Exchanged Obligation is in right of payment with regard to its obligor’s other outstanding indebtedness;
both prior to and after giving effect to such exchange, each of the Coverage Tests is satisfied or, if any Coverage Test was not satisfied prior to such exchange, the coverage ratio relating to such test shall be
at least as close to being satisfied after giving effect to such exchange as it was before giving effect to such exchange;
when determining the period during which the Issuer holds the Received Obligation, the period during which the Issuer held the Exchanged Obligation will be added to the period beginning at the time of acquisition of the Received Obligation and running through the applicable date of determination for all purposes herein;
the aggregate Principal Balance of the obligations received in Bankruptcy Exchanges (in the aggregate) since the Issue Date is not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Target Par Amount;
the aggregate Principal Balance of the obligations received in Bankruptcy Exchanges held by the Issuer at such time does not exceed 3.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount;
the exchange will only be during the Reinvestment Period;
no Restricted Trading Period will be in place at the time of the exchange;
the Bankruptcy Exchange Test is satisfied in respect of the relevant exchange;
at the time of the exchange, the Received Obligation satisfies each Eligibility Criterion except for those in sub-paragraphs (c), (j), (q) and (dd); and
after giving effect to such exchange, that not more than 5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of Restructured Obligations or Received Obligations which have a Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity that falls on a date which is on or after the Maturity Date of the Notes (for which purpose, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be its S&P Collateral Value),
provided that (x) to the extent that any payment is required from the Issuer in connection therewith it will be payable only from amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account and/or the Interest Account, and (y) in respect of amounts to the credit of the Interest Account, such amounts may not be used to acquire a Received Obligation in a Bankruptcy Exchange if such use would likely result, in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable discretion, in a failure to pay interest on the Rated Notes on the next succeeding Payment Date. For the avoidance of doubt, subject to each condition set out in paragraphs (a) to (k) above being satisfied, any Received Obligation received as part of a Bankruptcy Exchange shall constitute a Collateral Obligation.
“Bankruptcy Exchange Test” means a test that will be satisfied if, in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable business judgement, the projected internal rate of return of a Received Obligation obtained as a result of a Bankruptcy Exchange is greater than the projected internal rate of return of the related Exchanged Obligation in a Bankruptcy Exchange, calculated by the Collateral Manager by aggregating all cash received in respect of, and the Market Value of, any obligation subject to a Bankruptcy Exchange at the time of each Bankruptcy Exchange.
“Benefit Plan Investor” means:
an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), subject to the provisions of Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA;
a plan to which Section 4975 of the Code applies; or
any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of such an employee benefit plan’s or plan’s investment in such entity.
“Bivariate Risk Table” means the table set forth in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. “Business Day” means (save to the extent otherwise defined) a day:
on which TARGET2 is open for settlement of payments in Euro;
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Dublin, London and New York (other than a Saturday or a Sunday); and
for the purposes of the definition of Presentation Date, in relation to any place, on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in that place.
“CCC/Caa Excess” means, in respect of any date of determination, the amount equal to the greater of:
the excess of the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Moody’s Caa Obligations over an amount equal to
7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purpose, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Security, as applicable, shall be the lower of its S&P Collateral Value and its Moody’s Collateral Value); and
the excess of the Aggregate Principal Balance of all S&P CCC Obligations over an amount equal to 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purpose, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Security, as applicable, shall the lower of its S&P Collateral Value and its Moody’s Collateral Value),
provided that in determining which of the Moody’s Caa Obligations or the S&P CCC Obligations, as applicable, shall be included under part (a) or (b) above, the Moody’s Caa Obligations or the S&P CCC Obligations, as applicable, with the lowest Market Value shall be deemed to constitute the CCC/Caa Excess.
“Class A CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes” means the Class A Notes in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes.
“Class A CM Non-Voting Notes” means the Class A Notes in the form of CM Non-Voting Notes. “Class A CM Voting Notes” means the Class A Notes in the form of CM Voting Notes.
“Class A Noteholders” means the holders of any Class A Notes from time to time.
“Class A/B Coverage Tests” means the Class A/B Interest Coverage Test and the Class A/B Par Value Test.
“Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio” means, as of any Measurement Date occurring on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing:
the Interest Coverage Amount; by
the sum of the scheduled Interest Amounts due on the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes on the next following Payment Date.
For the purposes of calculating the Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio, the expected interest income on Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments and the Accounts (to the extent applicable) and the expected Interest Amounts payable on the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes will be calculated using the then current interest rates applicable thereto as at the relevant Measurement Date.
“Class A/B Interest Coverage Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date occurring on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date and which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio is at least equal to 120.00 per cent.
“Class A/B Par Value Ratio” means, as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing:
the amount equal to the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount; by
the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes.
“Class A/B Par Value Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date and which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class A/B Par Value Ratio is at least equal to 134.13 per cent.
“Class B CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes” means the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes.
“Class B CM Non-Voting Notes” means the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes in the form of CM Non-Voting Notes.
“Class B CM Voting Notes” means the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes in the form of CM Voting Notes.
“Class B Noteholders” means the holders of any Class B Notes from time to time.
“Class B-2 Fixed Rate of Interest” has the meaning given thereto in Condition 6(e)(iii) (Fixed Rate of Interest).
“Class C CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes” means the Class C Notes in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes.
“Class C CM Non-Voting Notes” means the Class C Notes in the form of CM Non-Voting Notes. “Class C CM Voting Notes” means the Class C Notes in the form of CM Voting Notes.
“Class C Coverage Tests” means the Class C Interest Coverage Test and the Class C Par Value Test.
“Class C Interest Coverage Ratio” means, as of any Measurement Date occurring on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing:
the Interest Coverage Amount; by
the sum of the scheduled Interest Amounts due on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes (excluding Deferred Interest but including any interest on Deferred Interest) on the next following Payment Date.
For the purposes of calculating the Class C Interest Coverage Ratio, the expected interest income on Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments and the Accounts (to the extent applicable) and the expected Interest Amounts payable on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes will be calculated using the then current interest rates applicable thereto as at the relevant Measurement Date.
“Class C Interest Coverage Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date occurring on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date and which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class C Interest Coverage Ratio is at least equal to 110.00 per cent.
“Class C Noteholders” means the holders of any Class C Notes from time to time.
“Class C Par Value Ratio” means, as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing:
the amount equal to the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount; by
the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Class A Notes, Class B Notes and Class C Notes.
“Class C Par Value Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date and which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class C Par Value Ratio is at least equal to
124.29 per cent.
“Class D CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes” means the Class D Notes in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes.
“Class D CM Non-Voting Notes” means the Class D Notes in the form of CM Non-Voting Notes. “Class D CM Voting Notes” means the Class D Notes in the form of CM Voting Notes.
“Class D Coverage Tests” means the Class D Interest Coverage Test and the Class D Par Value Test.
“Class D Interest Coverage Ratio” means, as of any Measurement Date occurring on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing:
the Interest Coverage Amount; by
the sum of the scheduled Interest Amounts due on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes (excluding Deferred Interest but including any interest on Deferred Interest) on the next following Payment Date.
For the purposes of calculating the Class D Interest Coverage Ratio, the expected interest income on Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments and the Accounts (to the extent applicable) and the expected Interest Amounts payable on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes will be calculated using the then current interest rates applicable thereto as at the relevant Measurement Date.
“Class D Interest Coverage Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date occurring on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date and which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class D Interest Coverage Ratio is at least equal to 105.00 per cent.
“Class D Noteholders” means the holders of any Class D Notes from time to time.
“Class D Par Value Ratio” means, as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing:
the amount equal to the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount; by
the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes.
“Class D Par Value Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date and which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class D Par Value Ratio is at least equal to
114.23 per cent.
“Class E Noteholders” means the holders of any Class E Notes from time to time.
“Class E Par Value Ratio” means, as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing:
the amount equal to the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount; by
the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes.
“Class E Par Value Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date and which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class E Par Value Ratio is at least equal to
106.11 per cent.
“Class F Noteholders” means a the holders of any Class F Notes from time to time.
“Class F Par Value Ratio” means, as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing:
the amount equal to the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount; by
the sum of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes.
“Class F Par Value Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date and which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class F Par Value Ratio is at least equal to
104.26 per cent.
“Class of Notes” means each of the Classes of Notes being:
the Class A Notes; the Class B-1 Notes; the Class B-2 Notes; the Class C Notes; the Class D Notes the Class E Notes; the Class F Notes;
the Class Z Notes; and the Subordinated Notes,
and “Class of Noteholders” and “Class” shall be construed accordingly; provided that notwithstanding that (a) the Class A CM Voting Notes, Class A CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and the Class A CM Non-Voting Notes are in the same Class, (b) the Class B CM Voting Notes, Class B CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and the Class B CM Non-Voting Notes are in the same Class, (c) the Class C CM Voting Notes, Class C CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and the Class C CM Non-Voting Notes are in the same Class, and (d) the Class D CM Voting Notes, Class D CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and the Class D CM Non-Voting Notes are in the same Class, in each case they shall not be treated as a single Class in respect of any vote or determination of quorum under the Trust Deed in connection with any CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution and, instead, the CM Voting Notes shall be treated as the relevant Class solely for such purpose, provided that for the purposes of determining (x) voting rights attributable to the Notes and the applicable quorum at any meeting of the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution), the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes shall be deemed to constitute a single class, in respect of any voting rights specifically granted to them (including as the Controlling Class); and (y) compliance with the EU Retention Requirements, the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes shall be deemed to constitute a single class.
“Class Z Noteholder Amount” means, on each Payment Date in respect of the immediately preceding Due Period thereto, an amount determined by the Collateral Administrator equal (exclusive of any VAT payable in relation thereto) to 0.30 per cent. per annum of the Fee Basis Amount (calculated by the Collateral Administrator on the basis of a 360 day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such Due Period).
“Class Z Noteholders” means the holders of any Class Z Notes from time to time.
“Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are open for business.
“Clearing Systems” means Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. “Clearstream, Luxembourg” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme. “CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes” means Notes which:
do not carry a right to vote in respect of or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution but which do carry a right to vote on and be so counted in respect of all other matters in respect of which the CM Voting Notes have a right to vote and be so counted; and
are exchangeable into CM Voting Notes only in connection with the transfer of such Notes to an entity that is not an Affiliate of the transferor.
“CM Non-Voting Notes” means Notes which:
do not carry a right to vote in respect of or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution but which do carry a right to vote on and be so counted in respect of all other matters in respect of which the CM Voting Notes have a right to vote and be so counted; and
are not exchangeable into CM Voting Notes or CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes at any time.
“CM Removal Resolution” means any Resolution, vote, written direction or consent of the Noteholders in relation to the removal of the Collateral Manager for cause in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“CM Replacement Resolution” means any Resolution, vote, written direction or consent of the Noteholders in relation to the appointment of a successor Collateral Manager or any assignment or delegation by the Collateral Manager of its rights or obligations, in each case, in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“CM Voting Notes” means Notes which:
carry a right to vote, in respect of and be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution and all other matters as to which Noteholders are entitled to vote and be so counted; and
are exchangeable into CM Non-Voting Notes or CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes at any time. “Code” means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
“Collateral” means the property, assets and rights described in Condition 4(a) (Security) which are charged and/or assigned to the Trustee from time to time for the benefit of the Secured Parties pursuant to the Trust Deed.
“Collateral Acquisition Agreements” means each of the agreements entered into by the Issuer in relation to the purchase by the Issuer of Collateral Obligations from time to time.
“Collateral Enhancement Obligation” means any Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations or Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations determined by the Collateral Manager in the sole discretion in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and any warrant, debt obligation (other than a Restructured Obligation) or equity security, excluding Exchanged Securities, but including without limitation, warrants relating to Mezzanine Obligations and any equity security received upon conversion or exchange of, or exercise of an option under, or otherwise in respect of a Collateral Obligation; or any warrant or equity security purchased as part of a unit with a Collateral Obligation (but in all cases, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Obligation), in each case, the acquisition of which will not result in the imposition of any present or future, actual or contingent liabilities or obligations on the Issuer other than those which may arise at its option.
“Collateral Enhancement Obligation Proceeds” means all Distributions and Sale Proceeds received in respect of any Collateral Enhancement Obligation.
“Collateral Management Fee” means each of the Senior Management Fee and the Incentive Collateral Management Fee.
“Collateral Manager Advance” has the meaning given to that term in Condition 3(m) (Collateral Manager Advances).
“Collateral Manager Related Person” means the Collateral Manager or its Affiliates, any director, officer or employee of such entities or any fund, securitisation vehicle or account for which the Collateral Manager or its
Affiliates exercises discretionary voting authority on behalf of such fund, securitisation vehicle or account in respect of the Notes.
“Collateral Obligation” means any debt obligation or debt security purchased (including by way of a Participation) by or on behalf of the Issuer from time to time (or, if the context so requires, to be purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer) and which the Collateral Manager determines in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement satisfies the Eligibility Criteria (i) at the time that any commitment to purchase is entered into by or on behalf of the Issuer (or the Participation Agreement is entered into in respect of a Participation) or (ii) in the case of an Issue Date Collateral Obligation, on the Issue Date provided that any Loss Mitigation Loan shall not be required to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria or the Reinvestment Criteria at the time the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer) enters into a binding commitment to purchase such obligation, but will only be designated as a Collateral Obligation by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. References to Collateral Obligations shall include Non-Euro Obligations but shall not include Collateral Enhancement Obligations, Eligible Investments or Exchanged Securities. Obligations which are to constitute Collateral Obligations in respect of which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to purchase but which have not yet settled shall be included as Collateral Obligations in the calculation of the Portfolio Profile Tests, Collateral Quality Tests, the Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test and all other tests and criteria applicable to the Portfolio at any time as if such purchase had been completed. Each Collateral Obligation in respect of which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to sell, but in respect of which such sale has not yet settled, shall be excluded from being Collateral Obligations for the purpose of the calculation of the Portfolio Profile Tests, Collateral Quality Tests, the Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test and all other tests and criteria applicable to the Portfolio at any time as if such sale had been completed. The failure of any obligation to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria, at any time after (a) the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer has entered into a binding agreement to purchase it or (b) in the case of an Issue Date Collateral Obligation, the Issue Date, shall not cause such obligation to cease to constitute a Collateral Obligation. A Collateral Obligation which has been restructured (whether effected by way of an amendment to the terms of such Collateral Obligation (including but not limited to an extension of its maturity) or by way of substitution of new obligations and/or change of Obligor) shall only constitute a Collateral Obligation if the Collateral Manager determines in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement it satisfies the Restructured Obligation Criteria on the appropriate Restructuring Date. Subject to each condition set out in paragraphs (a) to (k) of the definition of Bankruptcy Exchange being satisfied, any Received Obligation received as part of a Bankruptcy Exchange shall constitute a Collateral Obligation.
“Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity” means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment, the date specified in such obligation as the fixed date on which the final payment or repayment of principal of such obligation is due and payable.
“Collateral Principal Amount” means, as at any Measurement Date, the amount equal to the aggregate of the following amounts, as at such Measurement Date:
the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations, provided however, for the purpose of calculating the Aggregate Principal Balance for the purposes of the Portfolio Profile Tests only, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be its Market Value;
for the purpose solely of calculating the Collateral Management Fees and the Class Z Noteholder Amount, the aggregate amount of all accrued and unpaid interest purchased with Principal Proceeds (other than with respect to Defaulted Obligations); and
the Balances standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account (only in respect of such amounts that are not designated as Interest Proceeds to be credited to the Interest Account), and including the principal amount of any Eligible Investments purchased with such Balance but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on Eligible Investments, provided that, for such purpose:
(i) Principal Proceeds to be used to purchase Collateral Obligations in respect of which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to purchase the relevant Collateral Obligations but such
purchase(s) have not yet settled shall be excluded from the Balances in the calculation of the Collateral Principal Amount as if such purchase had been completed; and
(ii) Principal Proceeds to be received from Collateral Obligations in respect of which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to sell the relevant Collateral Obligations but such sale(s) have not yet settled, shall be included in the Balances in the calculation of the Collateral Principal Amount as if such sale had been completed.
“Collateral Quality Tests” means the Collateral Quality Tests set out in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement being each of the following:
so long as any of the Rated Notes are rated by S&P (as of the Effective Date and until the expiry of the Reinvestment Period only), the S&P CDO Monitor Test;
so long as any Rated Notes are rated by Moody’s are Outstanding:
(i) the Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test;
(ii) the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test;
(iii) the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Recovery Rate Test; and
(iv) the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test; and
so long as any Rated Notes are Outstanding, the Weighted Average Life Test, each as defined in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Collateral Tax Event” means at any time, (i) as a result of the introduction of a new, or any change in, any home jurisdiction or foreign tax statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ruling, practice, procedure or judicial decision or interpretation (whether proposed, temporary or final), interest, discount or premium payments due from the Obligors of any Collateral Obligations (or from Selling Institutions in the case of Participations) in relation to any Due Period to the Issuer becoming properly subject to the imposition of home jurisdiction or foreign or withholding tax (other than where such tax is compensated for by a “gross up” provision or indemnity in the terms of the Collateral Obligation or such requirement to withhold is eliminated pursuant to a double taxation treaty, or otherwise so that the Issuer receives the same amount on an after tax basis that it would have received had no withholding tax been imposed) so that the aggregate amount of such withholding tax on all Collateral Obligations in relation to such Due Period is equal to or in excess of 6 per cent. of the aggregate interest, discount or premium payments due (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any additional interest arising as a result of the operation of any gross up provision) on all Collateral Obligations in relation to such Due Period or (ii) taxes with respect to FATCA become due or are expected to become due in the future in an amount in excess of USD 500,000.
“Commitment Amount” means, with respect to any Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, the maximum aggregate outstanding principal amount (whether at the time funded or unfunded) of advances or other extensions of credit at any one time outstanding that the Issuer could be required to make to the Obligor under the Underlying Instruments relating thereto or to a funding bank in connection with any ancillary facilities related thereto.
“Competent Authority” means a national competent authority of an EU Member State as determined under the Securitisation Regulation.
“Conditional Sale Agreement” means a conditional sale agreement dated 5 July 2019 between the Issuer as seller and the Retention Holder as purchaser in respect of certain Collateral Obligations designated as Originated Assets.
“Controlling Class” means:
the Class A Notes; or
following redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes; or
(i) prior to the redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes and solely in connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution, if 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes is held in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and/or CM Non-Voting Notes,
the Class B Notes; or
following redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes; or
(i) prior to the redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes and solely in connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution, if 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes is held in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and/or CM Non-Voting Notes,
the Class C Notes; or
following redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes; or
(i) prior to the redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes and solely in connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution, if 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes is held in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and/or CM Non-Voting Notes,
the Class D Notes; or
following redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes; or
(i) prior to the redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes and solely in connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution, if 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes is held in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and/or CM Non-Voting Notes,
the Class E Notes; or
following redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes; or
following redemption and payment in full of all of the Rated Notes, the Subordinated Notes,
provided that, solely in connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution, no Notes held in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and/or CM Non-Voting Notes shall (A) constitute or form part of the Controlling Class, (B) be entitled to vote in respect of such CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution or (C) be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting in respect of such CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution, and provided further that, in the event of any redemption in full of any one or more Classes of Rated Notes where there is a simultaneous Refinancing of such Class(es) in accordance with the Conditions, then for the purpose of this definition, there shall not be deemed to be a redemption, and such Class(es) shall remain Outstanding.
“Controlling Person” means any person (other than a Benefit Plan Investor) that has discretionary authority or control over the assets of the Issuer or who provides investment advice for a fee with respect to such assets, and any “affiliate” of any such person. An “affiliate” for purposes of this definition means a person controlling, controlled by or under common control with such person, and control means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of such person (other than an individual).
“Corporate Rescue Loan” means, as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable commercial judgement, any interest in a loan or financing facility that is acquired directly by way of assignment, novation or indirectly by way of sub-participation, which is paying interest and principal (as applicable) on a current basis, and either:
is an obligation of a debtor in possession as described in § 1107 of the United States Bankruptcy Code or a trustee (if appointment of such trustee has been ordered pursuant to § 1104 of the United States Bankruptcy Code) (a “Debtor”) organised under the laws of the United States or any State therein, the terms of which have been approved by an order of the United States Bankruptcy Court, the United States District Court, or any other court of competent jurisdiction, the enforceability of which order is not subject to any pending contested matter or proceeding (as such terms are defined in the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure) and which order provides that (x) such Corporate Rescue Loan is secured by liens on the Debtor’s otherwise unencumbered assets pursuant to § 364(c)(2) of the United States Bankruptcy Code; or (y) such Corporate Rescue Loan is secured by liens of equal or senior priority on property of the Debtor’s estate that is otherwise subject to a lien pursuant to § 364(d) of the United States Bankruptcy Code; or (z) such Corporate Rescue Loan is secured by junior liens on the Debtor’s encumbered assets and such Corporate Rescue Loan is fully secured based upon a current valuation or appraisal report; or (zz) if the Corporate Rescue Loan or any portion thereof is unsecured, the repayment of such Corporate Rescue Loan retains priority over all other administrative expenses pursuant to § 364(c)(1) of the United States Bankruptcy Code; or
is a credit facility or other advance made available to a company or group not organised under the laws of the United States or any State therein in a restructuring or insolvency process which (i) constitutes the most senior secured obligations of the entity which is the borrower thereof and either (ii) ranks pari passu in all respects with the other senior secured debt of the borrower, provided that such facility is entitled to recover proceeds of enforcement of security shared with the other senior secured indebtedness (e.g. bond) of the borrower and its subsidiaries in priority to all such other senior secured indebtedness, or
(iii) achieves priority over other senior secured obligations of the borrower otherwise than through the grant of security, such as pursuant to the operation of applicable insolvency legislation (including as an expense of the restructuring or insolvency process) or other applicable law,
provided that if, at any time a Collateral Obligation that is a Corporate Rescue Loan in accordance with the provisions above, either:
(i) the relevant Obligor is no longer a Debtor as described in paragraph (a) above; or
(ii) the restructuring or insolvency process referred to in paragraph (b) above pursuant to which such Collateral Obligation was made available is complete and no further restructuring or insolvency process is outstanding in respect of the relevant Obligor,
such Collateral Obligation shall no longer be a Corporate Rescue Loan.
“Counterparty Downgrade Collateral” means any cash and/or securities delivered to the Issuer as collateral for the obligations of a Hedge Counterparty under a Hedge Transaction.
“Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account” means, in respect of each Hedge Counterparty and a Hedge Agreement to which it is a party, the account of the Issuer with the Custodian into which all Counterparty Downgrade Collateral is to be deposited in respect of such Hedge Counterparty and such Hedge Agreement, each such account to be named including the name of the relevant Hedge Counterparty.
“Coverage Test” means each of the Class A/B Par Value Test, the Class A/B Interest Coverage Test, the Class C Par Value Test, the Class C Interest Coverage Test, the Class D Par Value Test, the Class D Interest Coverage Test, the Class E Par Value Test and the Class F Par Value Test.
“Cov-Lite Loan” means a Collateral Obligation, as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable commercial judgement, that is an interest in a loan, the Underlying Instruments for which:
do not contain any financial covenants; or
require the Obligor to comply with an Incurrence Covenant, but do not require the Obligor to comply with any Maintenance Covenant,
provided that a loan described in clause (a) or (b) above which either contains a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision to or is pari passu with or is senior to another obligation where the relevant Obligors are part of the same borrowing group thereunder that requires compliance with a Maintenance Covenant shall be deemed not to be a Cov-Lite Loan, and for the avoidance of doubt, a loan that is capable of being described in clause (a) or (b) above only (x) until the scheduled expiration of any initial grace period or adjustment period with respect to the applicable Maintenance Covenant(s) or (y) in the case of a revolving loan of the Obligor, until such revolving loan is funded above a certain threshold, in each case as set forth in the related Underlying Instrument, shall be deemed not to be a Cov-Lite Loan.
“CRA3” means the Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council amending Regulation EC 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as the same may be amended from time to time including any implementing and/or delegated regulations, technical standards and guidelines relating thereto).
“Credit Improved Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation which, in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable commercial judgment (which judgment (i) may (but need not) be based on one or more of the following facts:
(a) it has a market price that is greater than the price that is warranted by its terms and credit characteristics, or improved in credit quality since its acquisition by the Issuer; or (b) with respect to which one or more of the Credit Improved Obligation Criteria applies; and (ii) will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events), has improved in credit quality after it was acquired by the Issuer; provided that, during a Restricted Trading Period, a Collateral Obligation will qualify as a Credit Improved Obligation only if: (a) it satisfies at least one of the Credit Improved Obligation Criteria; or (b) the Controlling Class acting by Ordinary Resolution votes to treat such Collateral Obligation as a Credit Improved Obligation.
“Credit Improved Obligation Criteria” means the criteria that will be met on any date of determination in respect of a Collateral Obligation if any of the following apply to such Collateral Obligation, as determined by the Collateral Manager using reasonable commercial judgment (which judgment will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events):
if such Collateral Obligation is a loan obligation or floating rate note, the price of such loan obligation or floating rate note has changed during the period from the date on which the Issuer or the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer entered into a binding commitment to purchase such Collateral Obligation to the proposed sale date by a percentage either at least 0.25 per cent. more positive, or 0.25 per cent. less negative, as the case may be, than the percentage change in the average price of the applicable Eligible Loan Index or Eligible Bond Index (as applicable) selected by the Collateral Manager over the same period;
if such Collateral Obligation is a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation which is a bond or security, the price of such obligation has changed since the date the Issuer or the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer entered into a binding commitment to purchase such obligation by a percentage either at least 0.50 per cent. more positive or at least 0.50 per cent. less negative than the percentage change in the Eligible Bond Index over the same period;
if the projected cash flow interest coverage ratio for the following year (earnings before interest and taxes divided by cash interest expense estimated by the Collateral Manager of the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation is expected to be more than 1.15 times the current year’s projected cash flow interest coverage ratio;
if such Collateral Obligation is a loan or a bond, the proceeds which would be received with respect to its disposition (excluding such proceeds that constitute Interest Proceeds) of such loan or bond would be at least 100.5 per cent. of its purchase price;
it has been (and remains) upgraded by any Rating Agency at least one rating sub-category or has been placed and remains on a watch list for possible upgrade or on positive outlook by the Rating Agency since it was acquired by the Issuer; or
the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has, since the Collateral Obligation was acquired, shown improved financial results, as evidenced by its latest received monthly financial report, such improvement being evidenced by, among other things, a decrease by 0.50 times in leverage or an increase by 5.00 per cent. in EBITDA.
“Credit Risk Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation that, in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable commercial judgment (which judgment will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events), has a risk of declining in credit quality or price or where the relevant underlying Obligor has failed to meet its other financial obligations; provided that during a Restricted Trading Period, a Collateral Obligation will qualify as a Credit Risk Obligation for purposes of sales of Collateral Obligations only if (i) the Credit Risk Obligation Criteria are satisfied with respect to such Collateral Obligation or (ii) the Controlling Class acting by Ordinary Resolution votes to treat such Collateral Obligation as a Credit Risk Obligation.
“Credit Risk Obligation Criteria” means the criteria that will be met in respect of a Collateral Obligation if any of the following apply to such Collateral Obligation, as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable discretion (which judgment will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events):
if such Collateral Obligation is a loan obligation or floating rate note, the price of such Collateral Obligation has changed during the period from the date on which it was acquired by the Issuer to the date of determination by a percentage which is (i) in the case of Secured Senior Obligations, either at least
0.25 per cent. more negative or at least 0.25 per cent. less positive and (ii) in the case of Unsecured Senior Loans, Second Lien Loans or Mezzanine Obligations, either at least 0.50 per cent. more negative or at least 0.50 per cent. less positive, in each case, than the percentage change in the average price of the Eligible Loan Index or Eligible Bond Index (as applicable) over the same period;
if such Collateral Obligation is a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation which is a bond or security, the price of such Collateral Obligation has changed since the date of purchase by a percentage either at least 0.50 per cent. more negative or at least 0.50 per cent. less positive, as the case may be, than the percentage change in the Eligible Bond Index over the same period, as determined by the Collateral Manager;
if the projected cash flow interest coverage ratio for the following year (earnings before interest and taxes divided by cash interest expense as disclosed by the Obligor or arranging bank for the relevant credit facility, or calculated by a third party in published research reports) of the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation is less than 1.0 or is expected to be less than 0.85 times the current year’s projected cash flow interest coverage ratio;
if such Collateral Obligation is a loan or a bond, the proceeds which would be received with respect to its disposition (excluding such proceeds that constitute Interest Proceeds) of such loan or bond would be less than or equal to 99.5 per cent. of its purchase price; or
such Collateral Obligation has been (and remains) downgraded by any Rating Agency by at least one rating sub-category or has been placed and remains on a watch list for possible downgrade or on negative outlook by either Rating Agency since it was acquired by the Issuer.
“CRS” means the common reporting standard more fully described as the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information approved on 15 July 2014 by the Council of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and any treaty, law or regulation of any other jurisdiction which initiates the implementation of the reporting standard including Council Directive 2014/107/EU on the Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation.
“CRS Compliance” means compliance with the CRS.
“CRS Compliance Costs” means the aggregate cumulative costs of the Issuer in achieving CRS Compliance, including the fees and expenses of the Collateral Manager and any other agent or appointee appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Issuer’s CRS Compliance.
“Currency Account” means the accounts in the name of the Issuer held with the Account Bank which shall comprise separate accounts denominated in the relevant currencies of Currency Hedge Obligations and Principal Hedged Obligations, into which amounts received in respect of such Currency Hedge Obligations and Principal
Hedged Obligations shall be paid and out of which amounts payable to (x) each applicable Currency Hedge Counterparty pursuant to any Currency Hedge Transaction and (y) each FX Forward Counterparty under each applicable FX Forward Transaction shall be paid.
“Currency Hedge Agreement” means each 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) or 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (or such other ISDA pro forma Master Agreement as may be published by ISDA from time to time) and the schedule relating thereto which is entered into between the Issuer and a Currency Hedge Counterparty in order to hedge exchange rate risk arising in connection with any Currency Hedge Obligation, including any guarantee thereof and any credit support annex entered into pursuant to the terms thereof and together with each confirmation entered into thereunder from time to time in respect of a Currency Hedge Transaction, as amended or supplemented from time to time, and including any Replacement Currency Hedge Agreement entered into in replacement thereof.
“Currency Hedge Counterparty” means any financial institution with which the Issuer has (pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement) entered into a Currency Hedge Agreement or any permitted successor, transferee or assignee thereof pursuant to the terms of such Currency Hedge Agreement, which, in each case, satisfies the applicable Rating Requirement upon the date of entry into such agreement (or in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation has been obtained on such date) and which has the appropriate regulatory capacity (including as a matter of Irish law), to enter into derivative transactions with Irish residents upon the date of entry into such agreement.
“Currency Hedge Counterparty Principal Exchange Amount” means each initial, interim and final exchange amount (whether expressed as such or otherwise) scheduled to be paid by the Currency Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer under a Currency Hedge Transaction and excluding any Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Counterparty Payments but including any amounts described as termination payments in the relevant Currency Hedge Agreement which relate to payments to be made as a result of the relevant Currency Hedge Obligation being sold or becoming subject to a credit event or debt restructuring.
“Currency Hedge Counterparty Termination Payment” means an amount payable by a Currency Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer upon termination or modification of the applicable Currency Hedge Agreement or Currency Hedge Transaction.
“Currency Hedge Issuer Principal Exchange Amount” means each initial, interim and final exchange amount (whether expressed as such or otherwise) scheduled to be paid to the Currency Hedge Counterparty by the Issuer under a Currency Hedge Transaction and excluding any Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Issuer Payments but including any amounts described as termination payments in the relevant Currency Hedge Agreement which relate to payments to be made as a result of the relevant Currency Hedge Obligation being sold or becoming subject to a credit event or debt restructuring.
“Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payment” means any amount payable by the Issuer to a Currency Hedge Counterparty upon termination or modification of the applicable Currency Hedge Agreement or Currency Hedge Transaction, and excluding for all purposes other than determining the amount payable by the Issuer to the Currency Hedge Counterparty thereunder upon such termination or modification, any due and unpaid scheduled amounts payable thereunder.
“Currency Hedge Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation which is denominated in a Qualifying Currency other than Euro and which (a) is, or will no later than the settlement date thereof, become the subject of a Currency Hedge Transaction or (b) (i) is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency, (ii) was previously either an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation and (iii) is subject to a Currency Hedge Transaction (entered into not later than 180 calendar days of the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation).
“Currency Hedge Termination Receipt” means the amount payable by a Currency Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer upon termination or modification of a Currency Hedge Transaction excluding, for purposes other than payment to the applicable Account to which the Issuer shall credit such amounts, the portion thereof representing any due and unpaid scheduled amounts payable thereunder and any due and unpaid Currency Hedge Counterparty Principal Exchange Amounts.
“Currency Hedge Transaction” means, in respect of each Non-Euro Obligation, a cross-currency transaction entered into in respect thereof under a Currency Hedge Agreement.
“Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate” means, in relation to any Currency Hedge Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation, (a) until the relevant Currency Hedge Transaction or FX Forward Transaction is entered into by the Issuer, the Spot Rate and (b) thereafter, the rate of exchange set out in the relevant Currency Hedge Transaction or FX Forward Transaction (as applicable).
“Current Pay Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation (other than a Corporate Rescue Loan) that would otherwise be treated as a Defaulted Obligation but as to which no payments are due and payable that are unpaid and with respect to which the Collateral Manager believes in its commercially reasonable business judgement, that:
the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation will continue to make scheduled payments of interest thereon and will pay the principal thereof by maturity or as otherwise contractually due;
if the Obligor is subject to a bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, a bankruptcy court has authorised the payment of interest and principal payments (other than payments contractually due as a result of any automatic acceleration of such Collateral Obligation pursuant to the underlying instruments because of the bankruptcy, receivership or similar proceedings of such obligor) when due thereunder and all such payments have been paid on a current basis in cash, to the knowledge of the Collateral Manager;
the Collateral Obligation has a Market Value of at least 80.0 per cent. of its outstanding principal amount for so long as any of the Rated Notes are rated by S&P and are Outstanding; and
if the Rated Notes are then rated by Moody’s the Collateral Obligation has either:
(i) a Moody’s Rating of “B3” or higher;
(ii) a Moody’s Rating of at least “Caa1” and a Market Value of (x) at least 80 per cent. of par, or (y)(1) if such Collateral Obligation is a loan and the price of the Eligible Loan Index is trading below 90 per cent., at least 80 per cent. of the price of such index and (2) if such Collateral Obligation is a bond and the price of the Eligible Bond Index is trading below 90 per cent., at least 75 per cent. of the price of such index; or
(iii) a Moody’s Rating of at least “Caa2” and a Market Value of (x) at least 85 per cent. of par, or (y)(1) if such Collateral Obligation is a loan and the price of the Eligible Loan Index is trading below 90 per cent., at least 85 per cent. of the price of such index and (2) if such Collateral Obligation is a bond and the price of the Eligible Bond Index is trading below 90 per cent., at least 75 per cent. of the price of such index,
provided that, as at the relevant date of determination, (x) if the Moody’s Rating falls below the rating specified in (d)(i) above, (y) if the Moody’s Rating or the Market Value falls below the rating or market value specified in (d)(ii) above, or (z) if the Moody’s Rating or the Market Value falls below the rating or market value specified in (d)(iii) above, as the case may be, such Collateral Obligation shall be treated as a Defaulted Obligation until such time as it becomes a Current Pay Obligation (by virtue of paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above being satisfied); provided further that if the Moody’s Rating of the Collateral Obligation has been withdrawn, the last Moody’s Rating of the Collateral Obligation shall be used.
“Custody Account” means the custody account or accounts with its books and records held outside Ireland established on the books of the Custodian in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement.
“Defaulted Currency Hedge Termination Payment” means any amount payable by the Issuer to a Currency Hedge Counterparty upon termination of any Currency Hedge Transaction in respect of which the Currency Hedge Counterparty is a Defaulting Hedge Counterparty, including any due and unpaid scheduled amounts thereunder.
“Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine Obligation” means a Mezzanine Obligation which is both a Deferring Security and a Defaulted Obligation (ignoring the exclusion of Defaulted Obligations in the definition of Deferring Security).
“Defaulted FX Forward Termination Payment” means any amount payable by the Issuer to a FX Forward Counterparty upon termination of any FX Forward Transaction in respect of which the FX Forward Counterparty is a Defaulting Hedge Counterparty, including any due and unpaid scheduled amounts thereunder.
“Defaulted Interest Rate Hedge Termination Payment” means any amount payable by the Issuer to an Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty upon termination of any Interest Rate Hedge Transaction in respect of which the Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty is a Defaulting Hedge Counterparty, including any due and unpaid scheduled amounts thereunder.
“Defaulted Mezzanine Excess Amounts” means the lesser of:
the greater of (i) zero and (ii) the aggregate of all recoveries (including by way of sale proceeds) in respect of each Mezzanine Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine Obligation, minus the sum of the principal amount of such Mezzanine Obligation outstanding immediately prior to receipt of such amounts plus any Purchased Accrued Interest relating thereto; and
all deferred interest paid in respect of each such Mezzanine Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine Obligation minus any Purchased Accrued Interest relating thereto.
“Defaulted Obligation” means a Collateral Obligation as determined by the Collateral Manager using reasonable commercial judgment (which judgment will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events):
in respect of which there has occurred and is continuing a default with respect to the payment of interest or principal, disregarding any grace periods applicable thereto or waiver or forbearance thereof, provided that in the case of any Collateral Obligation in respect of which the Collateral Manager has confirmed to the Trustee in writing that, to the knowledge of the Collateral Manager, such default has resulted from non-credit-related causes, such Collateral Obligation shall not constitute a “Defaulted Obligation” for the greater of five Business Days or seven calendar days (but in no case beyond the passage of any grace period applicable thereto), in each case which default entitles the holders thereof, with notice or passage of time or both, to accelerate the maturity of all or a portion of the principal amount of such obligation, but only until such default has been cured;
in respect of which (i) any bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership proceeding has been initiated in connection with the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation, whether initiated under the Obligor’s local law or otherwise and, to the knowledge of the Collateral Manager, such proceedings have not been stayed or dismissed or (ii) the Obligor or others have instituted proceedings to have the Obligor adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent or placed into receivership and such proceedings have not been stayed or dismissed or such Obligor has filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code;
in respect of which the Collateral Manager knows the Obligor thereunder is in default as to payment of principal and/or interest on another obligation (and such default has not been cured), save for obligations constituting trade debts which the applicable Obligor is disputing in good faith, but only if both such other obligation and the Collateral Obligation are full recourse, unsecured obligations, the other obligation ranks at least pari passu with the Collateral Obligation in right of payment, and the holders of such obligation have accelerated the maturity of all or a portion of such obligation, provided that (x) the Collateral Obligation shall constitute a Defaulted Obligation under this paragraph (c) only until, to the knowledge of the Collateral Manager, such acceleration has been rescinded, or (y) a Collateral Obligation shall not constitute a Defaulted Obligation under this paragraph (c) if the Collateral Manager has notified the Rating Agencies and the Trustee in writing of its decision not to treat the Collateral Obligation as a Defaulted Obligation and Rating Agency Confirmation has been received in respect thereof;
which (i) has a S&P Rating equal to or less than “CC”; or (ii) has a Moody’s Rating of “Ca” or below or “C”, or, in either case, had such rating immediately prior to it being withdrawn by S&P or Moody’s, as applicable;
which is a Participation in a loan with respect to which (i) the Selling Institution has (x) a Moody’s Rating of “Ca” or “C” or below or had such rating immediately before such rating was withdrawn or (y) a S&P Rating of “CC” or below or had such rating immediately before such rating was withdrawn; (ii) the Selling Institution has defaulted in any respect in the performance of any of its payment obligations under
that Participation; or (iii) the obligation which is the subject of such Participation would constitute a Defaulted Obligation, if the Issuer had a direct interest therein;
which ranks pari passu in right of payment as to the payment of principal and/or interest to another obligation of the same Obligor which has (i) a S&P Rating of “CC” or below; or (ii) has a Moody’s Rating of “Ca” or below or “C” (in each case, excluding Current Pay Obligations and Corporate Rescue Loans) or, in either case, had such rating immediately prior to it being withdrawn by S&P or Moody’s, as applicable provided that both the Collateral Obligation and such other obligation are full recourse obligations of the applicable Obligor or secured by the same collateral;
if the Obligor thereof offers holders of such Collateral Obligation a new security, obligation or package of securities or obligations that amount to a diminished financial obligations (such as preferred or common stock, or debt with a lower coupon or par amount) of such Obligor and in the reasonable commercial judgment of the Collateral Manager, such offer has the apparent purpose of helping the Obligor avoid default; provided, however, such obligation will cease to be a Defaulted Obligations under this paragraph (g) if such new obligation is: (i) a Restructured Obligation; and (ii) such Restructured Obligation does not otherwise constitute a Defaulted Obligation pursuant to any other paragraph of the definition hereof; or
which the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, determines in its reasonable commercial judgment should be treated as a Defaulted Obligation,
provided that:
(A) a Collateral Obligation shall not constitute a Defaulted Obligation pursuant to paragraphs (b) through (g) above if such Collateral Obligation (or, in the case of a Participation, the underlying Collateral Obligation) is a Current Pay Obligation; provided that the Aggregate Principal Balance of Current Pay Obligations exceeding 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (where, for the purposes of determining the Collateral Principal Amount, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) will be treated as Defaulted Obligations and, provided further, that in determining which of the Current Pay Obligations are to be treated as Defaulted Obligations under this proviso, the Current Pay Obligations with the lowest Market Value as of the relevant date of determination shall be deemed to constitute the excess;
(B) a Collateral Obligation shall not constitute a Defaulted Obligation if such Collateral Obligation (or, in the case of a Participation, the underlying obligation) is a Corporate Rescue Loan; provided that (1) it does not satisfy paragraphs (a), (d)(i) or (e)(i)(y) above; and (2) that the Aggregate Principal Balance of Corporate Rescue Loans exceeding 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (where, for the purposes of determining the Collateral Principal Amount, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) will be treated as Defaulted Obligations;
(C) any Collateral Obligation shall cease to be a Defaulted Obligation on the date such obligation no longer satisfies this definition of “Defaulted Obligation”; and
(D) a Collateral Obligation shall not constitute a Defaulted Obligation if such Collateral Obligation is a Distressed Exchange Obligation; provided that the Aggregate Principal Balance of Distressed Exchange Obligations exceeding 2.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (where, for the purposes of calculating such threshold, the Principal Balance of all Defaulted Obligations shall be their S&P Collateral Value) will be treated as Defaulted Obligations.
“Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts” means, in respect of a Defaulted Obligation, the greater of (i) zero and
(ii) the aggregate of all amounts paid into the Principal Account in respect of such Defaulted Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Obligation, minus the sum of (a) the Principal Balance of such Defaulted Obligation immediately prior to receipt of such amounts and (b) any Purchased Accrued Interest related thereto.
“Defaulting Hedge Counterparty” means a Hedge Counterparty which is either:
the “Defaulting Party” in respect of an “Event of Default” (each as such terms are defined in the applicable Hedge Agreement); or
the sole “Affected Party” in respect of either:
(i) a “Tax Event Upon Merger”; or
(ii) an “Additional Termination Event” as a result of such Hedge Counterparty failing to comply with the requirements of the Rating Agencies in the event that it (or, as relevant, its guarantor) is subject to a rating withdrawal or downgrade by the Rating Agencies to below the applicable Rating Requirement,
each such term as defined in the applicable Hedge Agreement.
“Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amount” has the meaning given thereto in the Interest Priority of Payments. “Deferred Interest” has the meaning given thereto in Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest).
“Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts” has the meaning given thereto in the Interest Priority of Payments.
“Deferring Security” means a Collateral Obligation (other than a Defaulted Obligation) that is deferring the payment of the current cash interest due thereon and has been so deferring the payment of such interest due thereon: (i) with respect to Collateral Obligations that have a Moody’s Rating of at least “Baa3”, for the shorter of two consecutive accrual periods or one year; and (ii) with respect to Collateral Obligations that have a Moody’s Rating of “Ba1” or below, for the shorter of one accrual period or six consecutive months, which deferred capitalised interest has not, as of the date of determination, been paid in cash, provided however that such Deferring Security will cease to be a Deferring Security at such time as it (a) ceases to defer or capitalise the payment of interest, (b) commences payment of all current interest in cash and (c) has paid in cash all accrued and unpaid interest that has accrued since the date of acquisition.
“Definitive Certificate” means a certificate representing one or more Notes in definitive, fully registered, form.
“Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation” means a Collateral Obligation, as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable commercial judgement, that: (a) requires the Issuer to make one or more future advances to the borrower under the Underlying Instruments relating thereto; (b) specifies a maximum amount that can be borrowed; and (c) does not permit the re-borrowing of any amount previously repaid; but any such Collateral Obligation will be a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation only until all commitments to make advances to the borrower expire or are terminated or reduced to zero.
“Designated Excess Par” has the meaning specified in Condition 7(b)(vii)(C) (Designation of Principal Proceeds).
“Determination Date” means the last Business Day of each Due Period or, in the event of any redemption of the Notes, following the occurrence of a Note Event of Default, eight Business Days prior to the applicable Redemption Date.
“Directors” means Maria Dawson and Stephen Healy or such other person(s) who may be appointed as director(s) of the Issuer from time to time.
“Discount Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation (other than a Zero Coupon Security) that is not a Swapped Non-Discount Obligation and that the Collateral Manager determines at the time of purchase is either:
in the case of any Floating Rate Collateral Obligation, acquired by the Issuer for a purchase price that is lower than the lesser of:
(i) (A) so long as any of the Rated Notes by Moody’s are Outstanding, (1) if such Collateral Obligation has a Moody’s Rating equal to or above “Ba3”, 75 per cent. of par; (2) if such Collateral Obligation has a Moody’s Rating below “Ba3” but equal to or above “B3”, 80 per cent. of par; or (3) 85 per cent. of par; and
(B) so long as any of the Rated Notes by S&P are Outstanding, 80 per cent. of par; and
(ii) the price (as determined by the Collateral Manager) of the Eligible Loan Index or Eligible Bond Index (as applicable and in each case if appropriate),
provided that such Collateral Obligation shall cease to be a Discount Obligation at such time as the Market Value of such Collateral Obligation, as determined for any period of 20 consecutive Business Days since the acquisition by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation equals or exceeds 90 per cent. of par;
in the case of any Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, acquired by the Issuer for a purchase price that is lower than the lesser of:
(i) (A) so long as any of the Rated Notes by Moody’s are Outstanding, (1) if such Collateral Obligation has a Moody’s Rating equal to or above “Ba3”, 70 per cent. of par; (2) if such Collateral Obligation has a Moody’s Rating below “Ba3” but equal to or above “B3”, 75 per cent. of par; or (3) 80 per cent. of par; and
(B) so long as any of the Rated Notes by S&P are Outstanding, 75 per cent. of par; and
(ii) the price (as determined by the Collateral Manager) of the Eligible Loan Index or Eligible Bond Index (as applicable and in each case if appropriate);
provided that such Collateral Obligation shall cease to be a Discount Obligation at such time as the Market Value of such Collateral Obligation, as determined for any period of 20 consecutive Business Days since the acquisition by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, equals or exceeds 85 per cent. of par; or
is acquired by the Issuer for a purchase price of less than 100 per cent. if designated by the Collateral Manager as a Discount Obligation in its sole discretion,
provided that:
(A) paragraphs (a) and (b) above, shall not apply to Issue Date Collateral Obligations;
(B) if such Collateral Obligation is a Revolving Obligation, and there exists an outstanding non-revolving loan to its obligor ranking pari passu with such Revolving Obligation and secured by substantially the same collateral as such Revolving Obligation (a “Related Term Loan”), in determining whether such Revolving Obligation is and continues to be a Discount Obligation, the price of the Related Term Loan, and not of the Revolving Obligation, shall be referenced; and
(C) if such Collateral Obligation is a Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, the purchase price of such Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation for such purpose shall be deemed to include any amounts required to be transferred to the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account upon acquisition of such Revolving Obligation by the Issuer.
“Discount Obligation Value” means, in respect of a Collateral Obligation, the greater of (i) the price (expressed as a percentage of its Principal Balance and excluding accrued interest) at which it was purchased by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf), and (ii) the Market Value of such Collateral Obligation at the end of any period (selected by the Collateral Manager) of 20 consecutive Business Days since its acquisition by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) during which the Market Value of such Collateral Obligation was at least 20 per cent. (as a percentage of its Principal Balance) above the price at which it was purchased by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) specified in (i), provided that if at the relevant date of determination the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Discount Obligations with a Discount Obligation Value falling within
(ii) above exceeds 10 per cent. of the greater of (i) the Target Par Amount and (ii) the Collateral Principal Amount, the Discount Obligation Value of such Collateral Obligation shall be determined pursuant to (i) above.
“Distressed Exchange Obligation(s)” means a Collateral Obligation or group of Collateral Obligations held by the Issuer, in relation to which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to accept a new obligation or
group of obligations in exchange thereof as part of an Offer, but where such exchange has not yet settled, and where, in the reasonable business judgement of the Collateral Manager (which judgement will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events which change the position from that which existed on the date of the original determination), the relevant Offer:
(a) has the purpose of assisting the relevant Obligor of the Collateral Obligation(s) avoid default; and
(b) will have the effect of reducing (A) the Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligation(s) or (B) the stated interest rate of the Collateral Obligation(s),
provided that:
(i) the relevant new obligation or obligations satisfy the Restructured Obligation Criteria upon the acceptance of the relevant Offer;
(ii) the relevant new obligation or obligations have an equal or higher seniority ranking in the capital structure as the Collateral Obligation or group of Collateral Obligations being exchanged;
(iii) where the relevant accepted Offer is for a group of obligations, the determination in paragraph (b) above shall be made on a weighted average basis;
(iv) if the settlement of the obligation or group of obligations to be received pursuant to the relevant Offer fails for any reason, the relevant Collateral Obligation or group of Collateral Obligations shall no longer constitute Distressed Exchange Obligations;
(v) if a Collateral Obligation constitutes a Defaulted Obligation (for such purpose, disregarding paragraphs
(d) and (f) of the definition thereof) it shall not constitute a Distressed Exchange Obligation; and
(vi) upon the settlement of the obligation or group of obligations exchanged as part of the relevant Offer, the related Collateral Obligation or group of Collateral Obligations shall no longer constitute Distressed Exchange Obligations.
“Distribution” means any payment of principal or interest or any dividend or premium or other amount (including any proceeds of sale) or asset paid or delivered on or in respect of any Collateral Obligation, any Collateral Enhancement Obligation, any Loss Mitigation Loan, any Eligible Investment or any Exchanged Security, as applicable.
“Dodd-Frank Act” means the U.S. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act including any related regulation and as the same may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, which was signed into law on 21 July 2010.
“Domicile” or “Domiciled” means with respect to any Obligor with respect to a Collateral Obligation: except as provided in clause (b) below, its country of organisation or incorporation; or
the jurisdiction and the country in which, in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable judgment, a substantial portion of such Obligor’s operations are located or from which a substantial portion of its revenue is derived, in each case directly or through subsidiaries (which shall be any jurisdiction and country known at the time of designation by the Collateral Manager to be the source of the largest share of revenues, if any, of such Obligor).
“Due Period” means (as applicable):
in the case of any Scheduled Payment Date, the period commencing on and including the relevant Due Period Start Date and ending on and including the eighth Business Day prior to such Payment Date;
in the case of any Unscheduled Payment Date, the period commencing on and including the relevant Due Period Start Date and ending on and including the third Business Day prior to such Payment Date; and
in the case of any Payment Date which is the Final Distribution Date or a Redemption Date (in respect of a redemption in whole of the Notes), the period commencing on and including the relevant Due Period Start Date and ending on and including the Business Day preceding such Final Distribution Date or Redemption Date.
“Due Period Start Date” means:
in the case of the period relating to the first Payment Date, the Issue Date; and
in the case of any subsequent Due Period, the day immediately following (i) if the immediately preceding Payment Date was a Scheduled Payment Date, the eighth Business Day prior to the preceding Payment Date or, (ii) if the immediately preceding Payment Date was an Unscheduled Payment Date, the third Business Day prior to the preceding Payment Date.
“EBA” means the European Banking Authority (formerly known as the Committee of European Banking Supervisors), or any predecessor, successor or replacement agency or authority.
“EBITDA” earnings before interest, taxes debt and amortisation as determined by the Collateral Manager, based on information disclosed by the Obligor or arranging bank for the relevant credit facility, or calculated by a third party in published research reports.
“Effective Date” means the earlier of:
the date designated for such purpose by the Collateral Manager by written notice to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Rating Agencies, and the Collateral Administrator pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, subject to the Effective Date Determination Requirements having been satisfied; and
30 June 2021 (or if such day is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day).
“Effective Date Determination Requirements” means, as at the Effective Date, each of the Portfolio Profile Tests (other than paragraph (m) thereof), the Collateral Quality Tests and the Coverage Tests (save for the Interest Coverage Tests) being satisfied on such date, and the Issuer having acquired or having entered into binding commitments to acquire Collateral Obligations the Aggregate Principal Balance of which equals or exceeds the Target Par Amount by such date (provided that, for the purposes of determining the Aggregate Principal Balance as provided above, any repayments or prepayments of any Collateral Obligations subsequent to the Issue Date shall be disregarded (to the extent such repayments or prepayments are not subsequently reinvested) and the Principal Balance of a Collateral Obligation which is a Defaulted Obligation will be the lower of its (i) S&P Collateral Value and (ii) Moody’s Collateral Value).
“Effective Date Moody’s Condition” means a condition that will be satisfied if:
the Issuer is provided with an accountant’s certificate recalculating and comparing each element of the Effective Date Report; and
Moody’s is provided with the Effective Date Report.
“Effective Date Non-Model CDO Monitor Test” means the S&P CDO Monitor Test, subject to the following analytical adjustments:
for the purposes of the Weighted Average Spread, the calculation of the Aggregate Funded Spread shall be unadjusted by any EURIBOR floors that are greater than zero applicable to Floating Rate Collateral Obligations; and
for the purposes of the S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR, Principal Proceeds which may be reclassified as Interest Proceeds on and after the Effective Date shall be excluded,
provided that such test shall only be satisfied if the Collateral Manager:
(i) has certified to S&P that the Effective Date Determination Requirements have been satisfied and the Effective Date Report has been published;
(ii) has certified to S&P that it has run the S&P CDO Monitor Test in accordance with paragraphs
(a) and (b) above and that such test is satisfied; and
(iii) has provided S&P with an electronic copy of the Portfolio used to generate the passing test results and an electronic copy of an Effective Date Report.
“Effective Date Rating Event” means either:
(i) the Effective Date Determination Requirements not having been satisfied as at the Effective Date unless Rating Agency Confirmation is received in respect of such failure and (ii) either the failure by the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to present a Rating Confirmation Plan to the Rating Agencies, or Rating Agency Confirmation has not been obtained for the Rating Confirmation Plan following request therefor from the Collateral Manager; or
the Effective Date Moody’s Condition not being satisfied and following a request therefor from the Collateral Manager after the Effective Date, Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s not having been received; or
the Effective Date S&P Condition not being satisfied and, following a request therefor from the Collateral Manager after the Effective Date, Rating Agency Confirmation from S&P not having been received,
provided that any downgrade or withdrawal of any of the Initial Ratings of the Rated Notes which is not directly related to a request for confirmation thereof or which occurs after confirmation thereof by the Rating Agencies shall not constitute an Effective Date Rating Event.
“Effective Date Report” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Effective Date S&P Condition” means a condition that will be satisfied if, on or after the Effective Date: the Effective Date Non-Model CDO Monitor Test is satisfied; or
S&P has provided a Rating Agency Confirmation to the Issuer (or has been deemed to confirm) and the Collateral Manager, confirming its initial rating of each Class of Notes and the Issuer or the Collateral Manager has informed the Trustee that such confirmation has been made,
provided that the Effective Date S&P Condition will be deemed to be satisfied if S&P makes a public announcement or informs the Issuer and the Collateral Manager in writing (including by means of email notification or a press release) that (i) it believes satisfaction of the Effective Date S&P Condition is not required or (ii) its practice is not to give such confirmation and provided further that the Issuer or the Collateral Manager has informed the Trustee that such notification in writing has been received.
“Electronic Resolution” means any Resolution of the Noteholders passed by way of consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee), as described in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) and as further described in, and as defined in, the Trust Deed.
“Eligibility Criteria” means the Eligibility Criteria specified in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement which are required to be satisfied in respect of each Collateral Obligation acquired by the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) at the time of entering into a binding commitment to acquire such obligation and, in the case of Issue Date Collateral Obligations, the Issue Date provided that any Loss Mitigation Loan shall not be required to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria or the Reinvestment Criteria at the time of entering into a binding commitment to acquire such obligation, but will only be designated as a Collateral Obligation by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Eligible Bond Index” means the Markit iBoxx EUR High Yield Index, the Merrill Lynch European Currency High Yield (ex Financials) 2 per cent. Constrained Index or, any other internationally recognised comparable index selected by the Collateral Manager as is notified to the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and each Rating Agency.
“Eligible Investment Minimum Rating” means:
for so long any Notes rated by S&P are Outstanding:
(i) in the case of Eligible Investments with a maturity of more than 60 days:
(A) a long-term senior unsecured debt or issuer (as applicable) credit rating of at least “AA- ” from S&P; or
(B) a short-term senior unsecured debt or issuer credit rating of at least “A-1+” from S&P; or
(C) such other ratings as confirmed by S&P; or
(ii) a short term debt or issuer (as applicable) credit rating of at least “A-1” from S&P in the case of Eligible Investments with a maturity of 60 days or less; and
for so long as any Notes rated by Moody’s are Outstanding:
(i) where such commercial paper or debt obligations do not have a short-term senior unsecured debt or issuer (as applicable) credit rating from Moody’s, a long-term senior unsecured debt or issuer (as applicable) credit rating of at least “Aaa” from Moody’s; or
(ii) where such commercial paper or debt obligations have a short-term senior unsecured debt or issuer (as applicable) credit rating, such short-term rating is “P-1” from Moody’s and the long- term senior unsecured debt or issuer (as applicable) credit rating is at least “A1” from Moody’s.
“Eligible Investments” means any investment denominated in Euro that is one or more of the following obligations or securities (other than obligations or securities which are Zero Coupon Securities), including, without limitation, any Eligible Investments for which the Custodian, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, a Collateral Manager Related Person or an Affiliate of any of them provides services:
direct obligations of, and obligations the timely payment of principal of and interest under which is fully and expressly guaranteed by, a Non-Emerging Market Country or any agency or instrumentality of a Non-Emerging Market Country, the obligations of which are fully and expressly guaranteed (such guarantee to comply with the relevant S&P criteria on guarantees) by a Non-Emerging Market Country (provided such guarantee satisfies the then current Moody’s criteria on guarantees and, in each case the Eligible Investment Minimum Rating (but excluding (i) “General Services Administration” participation certificates; (ii) “U.S. Maritime Administration guaranteed Title XI financings”; (iii) “Financing Corp. debt obligations”; (iv) “Farmers Home Administration Certificates of Beneficial Ownership”; and
(v) “Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority guaranteed transit bonds”));
demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers’ acceptances issued by any depository institution (including the Account Bank) or trust company incorporated under the laws of a Non-Emerging Market Country with, in each case, a maturity of no more than 90 days or, following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, 180 days and subject to supervision and examination by governmental banking authorities so long as the commercial paper and/or the debt obligations of such depository institution or trust company (or, in the case of the principal depository institution in a holding company system, the commercial paper or debt obligations of such holding company) at the time of such investment or contractual commitment have a rating of not less than the applicable Eligible Investment Minimum Rating;
subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation related thereto, unleveraged repurchase obligations with respect to:
(i) any obligation described in paragraph (a) above; or
(ii) any other security issued or guaranteed by an agency or instrumentality of a Non-Emerging Market Country which has a rating of not less than the applicable Eligible Investment Minimum Rating,
in either case entered into with a depository institution or trust company (acting as principal) described in paragraph (b) above or entered into with a corporation (acting as principal) whose debt obligations are rated not less than the applicable Eligible Investment Minimum Rating at the time of such investment;
securities bearing interest or sold at a discount to the face amount thereof issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of a Non-Emerging Market Country that has a credit rating of not less than the Eligible Investment Minimum Rating at the time of such investment or contractual commitment providing for such investment;
commercial paper or other short-term obligations having, at the time of such investment, a credit rating of not less than the applicable Eligible Investment Minimum Rating and that either are bearing interest or are sold at a discount to the face amount thereof and have a maturity of not more than 92 days or, following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, 183 days from their date of issuance;
funds domiciled outside of the United States investing in the money markets rated, at all times, “AAAm” by S&P and “Aaa mf” by Moody’s, provided that any such fund issues shares, units or participations that may be lawfully acquired in Ireland; and
any other investment or instrument similar to those described in paragraphs (a) to (f) (inclusive) above:
(i) in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation has been received as to its inclusion in the Portfolio as an Eligible Investment; and
(ii) which has, in the case of an investment or instrument with a maturity of longer than 91 days, a long-term credit rating not less than the applicable Eligible Investment Minimum Rating,
and, in each case, such instrument or investment provides for payment of a pre-determined fixed amount of principal on maturity that is not subject to change, such instrument or investment has a Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity (giving effect to any applicable grace period) of no later than one year following the date of the Issuer’s acquisition thereof and either (A) has a Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity (giving effect to any applicable grace period) no later than the Business Day immediately preceding the next following Payment Date, or, in respect of the Eligible Investments referred to in paragraph (d) above only, (B) is capable of being liquidated at par on demand without penalty; provided, however, that Eligible Investments shall not include any mortgage backed security, interest only security, security subject to withholding or similar taxes, obligations rated with an “r” or “t” subscript by S&P, security rated with an “f”, “L”, “t”, “p”, “pi”, or “prelim”, subscript assigned by S&P or an “(sf)” subscript assigned by S&P or Moody’s nor shall they include such securities with such other qualifying subscript published and assigned by S&P and/or Moody’s from time to time as may be applicable, security purchased at a price in excess of 100 per cent. of par, security whose repayment is subject to substantial non-credit related risk (as determined by the Collateral Manager in its discretion) or investments the acquisition of which would give rise to stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or any other transfer duty or tax (except to the extent that such duty or tax is taken into account in deciding whether to acquire the investments).
“Eligible Loan Index” means the S&P European Leveraged Loan Index, the Credit Suisse Western European Leveraged Loan Index or, any other internationally recognised comparable index selected by the Collateral Manager as is notified to the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and each Rating Agency.
“EMIR” means Regulation (EU) 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 July 2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories, including any implementing and/or delegated regulation, technical standards and guidance related thereto as the same may be amended, replaced or supplemented from time to time.
“ERISA” means the United States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.
“ESMA” means the European Securities and Markets Authority or any predecessor, successor or replacement agency or authority.
“EU Retention Requirements” means Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation, together with any guidance published in relation thereto by the EBA, including any regulatory and/or implementing technical standards, provided that any reference to the EU Retention Requirements shall be deemed to include any successor or replacement provisions of Article 6 of the Securitisation Regulation included in any European Union directive or regulation.
“EU Transparency Requirements” means Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation, together with any guidance published in relation thereto by ESMA, including any regulatory and/or implementing technical standards, provided that any reference to the EU Transparency Requirements shall be deemed to include any successor or replacement provisions of Article 7 of the Securitisation Regulation included in any European Union directive or regulation.
“EURIBOR” means the rate determined in accordance with Condition 6(e) (Interest on the Rated Notes).
“Euro”, “Euros”, “euro” and “€” means the lawful currency of the member states of the European Union that have adopted and retain the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to time; provided that if any member state or states ceases to have such single currency as its lawful currency (such member state(s) being the “Exiting State(s)”), the euro shall, for the avoidance of doubt, mean for all purposes the single currency adopted and retained as the lawful currency of the remaining member states and shall not include any successor currency introduced by the Exiting State(s).
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., as operator of the Euroclear system. “Euronext Dublin” means The Irish Stock Exchange p.l.c. trading as Euronext Dublin.
“Euro zone” means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended.
“Excess CCC/Caa Adjustment Amount” means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of:
the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations included in the CCC/Caa Excess; over
for all Collateral Obligations included in the CCC/Caa Excess, the aggregate of the product of (i) the Market Value and (ii) its Principal Balance, in each case of such Collateral Obligation.
“Excess Par Amount” means an amount, as of any Determination Date, equal to the greater of: zero; and
(i) the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purposes the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be the lesser of its Moody’s Collateral Value and its S&P Collateral Value); less (ii) the Reinvestment Target Par Balance.
“Exchange Act” means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
“Exchanged Obligation” means a Defaulted Obligation, exchanged pursuant to a Bankruptcy Exchange.
“Exchanged Security” means any of (a) an equity security or warrant, including any equity security received upon conversion or exchange of, or exercise of an option in respect of a Collateral Obligation but excluding Collateral Enhancement Obligations, the acquisition of which would not cause the breach of applicable selling or transfer restrictions relating to the offering of securities or of collective investment schemes and which is delivered to the Issuer upon acceptance of an Offer in respect of a Defaulted Obligation or received by the Issuer as a result of restructuring of the terms of a Defaulted Obligation in effect as of the later of the Issue Date and the date of issuance of the relevant Collateral Obligation and (b) a Collateral Obligation which has been restructured (whether effected by way of an amendment to the terms of such Collateral Obligation (including but not limited to an
extension of its maturity) or by way of substitution of new obligations and/or a change of Obligor) for so long as the Collateral Manager determines in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement it does not satisfy the Restructured Obligation Criteria on the applicable Restructuring Date.
“Expense Reserve Account” means an account in the name of the Issuer so entitled and held by the Account Bank.
“Extended Loss Mitigation Loan” means a Loss Mitigation Loan purchased by the Issuer in connection with the workout, restructuring or a related scheme to mitigate losses with respect to a related Credit Risk Obligation or Defaulted Obligation, which Loss Mitigation Loan matures after the Maturity Date of the Notes.
“Extraordinary Resolution” means an extraordinary resolution as described in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) and as further described in, and as defined in, the Trust Deed.
“FATCA” means (a) Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code or any associated regulations or other official guidance; (b) any treaty, law, regulation or other official guidance enacted in any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the U.S. and any other jurisdiction, which (in either case) facilitates the implementation of paragraph (a) above; or (c) any agreement pursuant to the implementation of paragraphs (a) or
(b) above with the IRS, the U.S. government or any governmental or taxation authority in any other jurisdiction. “FATCA Compliance” means compliance with FATCA.
“FATCA Compliance Costs” means the aggregate cumulative costs of the Issuer of achieving FATCA Compliance, including the fees and expenses of the Collateral Manager and any other agent or appointee appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Issuer’s FATCA Compliance.
“Fee Basis Amount” means an amount equal to (a) for the first Payment Date, the Collateral Principal Amount as of the last day of the related Due Period, and (b) for any other Payment Date, the Collateral Principal Amount as of the first day of the related Due Period.
“Final Distribution Date” means the date upon which the Notes will be redeemed in full or upon which the proceeds from the realisation of the security will be distributed in full.
“First Lien Last Out Loan” means a Collateral Obligation that is an interest in a loan, the Underlying Instruments for which (i) may by its terms become subordinate in right of payment to any other obligation of the Obligor of such loan solely upon the occurrence of a default or event of default by the Obligor of such loan (other than a revolving loan of the Obligor) and (ii) is secured by a valid perfected first priority security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the Obligor’s obligations under the loan. A First Lien Last Out Loan shall be treated in all cases as a Second Lien Loan.
“First Period Reserve Account” means the account described as such in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank.
“Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation that bears a fixed rate of interest. “Fixed Rate Notes” means the Class B-2 Notes.
“Floating Rate Collateral Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation that bears a floating rate of interest.
“Floating Rate Notes” means the Class A Notes, the Class B-1 Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes.
“Frequency Switch Event” shall occur if, on any Frequency Switch Measurement Date:
(i) the Aggregate Principal Balance (determined in accordance with the definition thereof) of Collateral Obligations (excluding Defaulted Obligations) that reset so as to become Semi-Annual Obligations in the previous Due Period (or where such Due Period is the first Due Period, in the last three months of such Due Period), is greater than or equal to 20 per cent. of
the Collateral Principal Amount (determined in accordance with the definition thereof, excluding Defaulted Obligations); and
(ii) for so long as any of the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes remain Outstanding, the Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio is less than 100 per cent. (provided that for such purpose, paragraphs (b) and (f) of the definition of Interest Coverage Amount shall be deemed to be equal to zero); or
the Collateral Manager declares, in its sole discretion, that a Frequency Switch Event shall have occurred,
provided that:
(x) in each case, no Frequency Switch Event shall occur unless the Frequency Switch Liquidity Condition is satisfied;
(y) in respect of a Frequency Switch Event occurring under limb (a) above, the Collateral Administrator has notified the Collateral Manager in writing that the conditions set out in (a)(i) and (ii) are satisfied; and
(z) in each case, that event has been notified in writing by the Collateral Manager to the Rating Agencies, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Registrar, and (with respect to a Frequency Switch Event which has occurred under limb (b) above only) the Collateral Administrator
“Frequency Switch Liquidity Condition” means a condition that shall be satisfied if, as at any Frequency Switch Measurement Date and for so long as any of the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes remain Outstanding, the Collateral Administrator determines that the Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio is greater than 100 per cent. and notifies the Collateral Manager thereof, provided that for such purpose:
paragraphs (b) and (f) of the definition of Interest Coverage Amount shall be deemed to be equal to zero;
the accrued interest in respect of all Collateral Obligations that reset so as to become Semi-Annual Obligations in the previous Due Period (or where such Due Period is the first Due Period, in the last three months of such Due Period) shall be added to the numerator of the Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio; and
amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account shall be added to the numerator of the Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio.
“Frequency Switch Measurement Date” means each Determination Date from (and including) the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date, provided that following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, no further Frequency Switch Measurement Date shall occur.
“Funded Amount” means, with respect to any Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation at any time, the aggregate principal amount of advances or other extensions of credit to the extent funded thereunder by the Issuer that are outstanding at such time.
“FTT” means the financial transaction tax as contemplated by the European Commission proposal for a Council Directive published on 14 February 2013.
“FX Forward Agreement” means a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross-Border) or a 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (or such other ISDA pro forma Master Agreement as may be published by ISDA from time to time), together with the schedule and confirmations relating thereto including any guarantee thereof and any credit support annex entered into pursuant to the terms thereof, each as amended or supplemented from time to time, and entered into by the Issuer with an FX Forward Counterparty which shall govern one or more FX Forward Transactions entered into by the Issuer and such FX Forward Counterparty (including any replacement FX Forward Transaction) under which the Issuer swaps cash flows receivable on such Principal Hedged Obligations for Euro denominated cash flows from each FX Forward Counterparty.
“FX Forward Counterparty” means any financial institution with which the Issuer enters into an FX Forward Transaction, or any permitted assignee or successor thereof, under the terms of the related FX Forward Transaction and, in each case, which satisfies, at the time of entry into the FX Forward Transaction, the applicable Rating Requirement (or whose obligations are guaranteed by a guarantor which in each case, satisfies the applicable Rating Requirement upon the date of entry into such transaction (or in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation has been obtained on such date) and which has the appropriate regulatory capacity (including as a matter of Irish law), to enter into derivative transactions with Irish residents upon the date of entry into such transaction.
“FX Forward Counterparty Principal Exchange Amount” means each initial and final exchange amount (whether expressed as such or otherwise) scheduled to be paid by the FX Forward Counterparty to the Issuer under an FX Forward Transaction but including any amounts described as termination payments in the relevant FX Forward Agreement which relate to payments to be made as a result of the relevant Principal Hedged Obligation being sold or becoming subject to a credit event or debt restructuring.
“FX Forward Issuer Principal Exchange Amount” means each initial and final exchange amount exchange amount (whether expressed as such or otherwise) scheduled to be paid to the FX Forward Counterparty by the Issuer under an FX Forward Transaction including any amounts described as termination payments in the relevant FX Forward Agreement which relate to payments to be made as a result of the relevant Principal Hedged Obligation being sold or becoming subject to a credit event or debt restructuring.
“FX Forward Issuer Termination Payment” means any amount payable by the Issuer to a FX Forward Counterparty upon expiry, termination or modification of the applicable FX Forward Agreement or FX Forward Transaction and excluding for all purposes other than determining the amount payable by the Issuer thereunder upon such termination or modification, any due and unpaid scheduled amounts thereunder.
“FX Forward Termination Receipt” means the amount payable by an FX Forward Counterparty to the Issuer upon termination or modification of an FX Forward Transaction excluding, for purposes other than payment to the applicable Account to which the Issuer shall credit such amounts, the portion thereof representing any due and unpaid scheduled amounts payable thereunder and any FX Forward Counterparty Principal Exchange Amounts.
“FX Forward Transaction” means transactions entered into under an FX Forward Agreement documented in confirmations to such FX Forward Agreement.
“Global Certificate” means, together, the permanent global certificates representing the Regulation S Notes and the permanent global certificates representing the Rule 144A Notes.
“Global Exchange Market” means the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin.
“Hedge Agreement” means any Interest Rate Hedge Agreement, Currency Hedge Agreement or FX Forward Agreement (as applicable) and “Hedge Agreements” means any of them.
“Hedge Counterparty” means any Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty, Currency Hedge Counterparty or FX Forward Counterparty (as applicable) and “Hedge Counterparties” means any of them.
“Hedge Counterparty Tax Credit Payments” means any amounts payable by the Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the terms of a Hedge Agreement in connection with any credit against, relief or remission for, or repayment of, any tax that has been obtained or utilised by the Hedge Counterparty and which is attributable to a payment made by the Issuer as a result of or in connection with any required withholding or deduction for or on account of any tax (or to such withholding or deduction itself) (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments).
“Hedge Counterparty Termination Payment” means the amount payable by a Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer upon termination or modification of a Hedge Transaction, and excluding for all purposes other than determining the amount payable by the Hedge Counterparty thereunder upon such termination or modification, any due and unpaid scheduled amounts thereunder.
“Hedge Issuer Tax Credit Payments” means any amounts payable by the Issuer to a Hedge Counterparty pursuant to the terms of a Hedge Agreement in connection with any credit against, relief or remission for, or
repayment of, any tax that has been obtained or utilised by the Issuer and which is attributable to a grossed up payment made by that Hedge Counterparty as a result of or in connection with any required withholding or deduction for or on account of any tax (or to such withholding or deduction itself) (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Hedge Issuer Termination Payments).
“Hedge Issuer Termination Payment” means the amount payable by the Issuer to a Hedge Counterparty upon termination or modification of a Hedge Transaction.
“Hedge Replacement Payment” means any amount payable to a Hedge Counterparty by the Issuer upon entry into a Replacement Hedge Transaction which is replacing a Hedge Transaction which was terminated.
“Hedge Replacement Receipt” means any amount payable to the Issuer by a Hedge Counterparty upon entry into a Replacement Hedge Transaction which is replacing a Hedge Transaction which was terminated.
“Hedge Termination Account” means, in respect of any Hedge Agreement, the account of the Issuer with the Account Bank into which all Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments and Hedge Replacement Receipts relating to that Hedge Agreement will be deposited.
“Hedge Transaction” means any Interest Rate Hedge Transaction, any Currency Hedge Transaction or FX Forward Transaction (as applicable) and “Hedge Transactions” means any of them.
“High Yield Bond” means a debt security, other than a Secured Senior Bond, which, on acquisition by the Issuer, is a high yielding debt security as determined by the Collateral Manager, excluding any debt security which is secured directly on, or represents the ownership of, a pool of consumer receivables, auto loans, auto leases, equipment leases, home or commercial mortgages, corporate debt or sovereign debt obligations or similar assets, including, without limitation, collateralised bond obligations, collateralised loan obligations or any similar security.
“Incentive Collateral Management Fee” means the fee payable to the Collateral Manager pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement on each Payment Date on which the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold has been met or surpassed, such Incentive Collateral Management Fee (exclusive of any VAT payable in relation thereto) being equal to 20 per cent. of any Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds that would otherwise be available to distribute to the Subordinated Noteholders, in accordance with paragraph (CC) of the Interest Priority of Payments, paragraph (T) of the Principal Priority of Payments and paragraph (V) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments and paragraph (7) of Condition 3(l)(vi) (Supplemental Reserve Account).
“Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold” means the threshold which will have been reached on the relevant Payment Date if the Subordinated Notes Outstanding have received an IRR of at least 12 per cent. on the product of (i) the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Subordinated Notes as of the first day of the Due Period relating to such Payment Date (after giving effect to all payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes to be made on such Payment Date) and (ii) the Subordinated Notes Initial Offer Price Percentage, provided that any additional issuance of the Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 17 (Additional Issuances) shall be at their own issue price and not the issue price of the Subordinated Notes on the Issue Date. The annualised rate of return will be calculated based on distributions made on the Subordinated Notes and without taking into account any additional Subordinated Notes issued after the Issue Date pursuant to Condition 17 (Additional Issuances).
“Incurrence Covenant” means a covenant by any Obligor to comply with one or more financial covenants only upon the occurrence of certain actions of, or events relating to, the Obligor, including a debt issuance, dividend payment, share purchase, merger, acquisition or divestiture.
“Independent Director” means a duly appointed member of the board of Directors who was not, at the time of such appointment, or at any time in the preceding five years:
a direct or indirect legal or beneficial owner of any Secured Party (other than the Directors) or any of its Affiliates (excluding de minimis ownership interests);
a creditor, supplier, employee, officer, director, family member, manager or contractor of any Secured Party (other than the Directors) or its Affiliates; and
a Person who controls (whether directly, indirectly, or otherwise) any Secured Party (other than the Directors) or its Affiliates, provided that, an employee or a director of the Corporate Services Provider shall be considered an Independent Director.
“Initial Investment Period” means the period from, and including, the Issue Date to, but excluding, the Effective Date.
“Initial Purchaser” means Barclays Bank PLC.
“Initial Ratings” means, in respect of any Class of Notes and any Rating Agency, the ratings (if any) assigned to such Class of Notes by such Rating Agency as at the Issue Date and “Initial Rating” means each such rating.
“Interest Account” means an account described as such in the name of the Issuer with the Custodian into which Interest Proceeds are to be paid.
“Interest Amount” has the meaning specified in Condition 6(e)(ii) (Determination of Floating Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount) in respect of the Floating Rate Notes and Condition 6(e)(iii) (Fixed Rate of Interest) in respect of the Fixed Rate Notes.
“Interest Coverage Amount” means, on any particular Measurement Date (without double counting), the sum of:
the Balance standing to the credit of the Interest Account;
plus the sum of all scheduled interest payments (including (X) any commitment fees, all amendment and wavier fees, all late payment fees, all syndication fees, delayed compensation and all other fees and commissions, (Y) any amounts which the applicable Obligor or Selling Institution (as applicable) has agreed or is required to pay by way of a gross-up in respect of amounts withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes and (Z) any amounts which the Collateral Manager reasonably determines will be received within the same Due Period by way of recovery from an applicable tax authority under a double tax treaty or otherwise) due but not yet received (in each case, regardless of whether the applicable due date has yet occurred) in the Due Period in which such Measurement Date occurs on the Collateral Obligations, the Eligible Investments and the Accounts (other than each Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, but including interest on third party collateral accounts of the kind referred to in Condition 3(l)(ii)(H) (Interest Account), but excluding:
(i) accrued and unpaid interest on Defaulted Obligations or Deferring Securities (excluding Current Pay Obligations) unless such amounts constitute Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts;
(ii) interest on any Collateral Obligation to the extent that such Collateral Obligation does not provide for the scheduled payment of interest in cash;
(iii) any amounts, to the extent that such amounts, if not paid, will not give rise to a default under the relevant Collateral Obligation;
(iv) any amounts expected to be withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes (including for the avoidance of doubt as a result of FATCA), and, in respect of any Issuer Subsidiary Asset held by an Issuer Subsidiary, (A) any income taxes applicable (or which are anticipated to be applicable) to such Issuer Subsidiary in relation to such holding and (B) any amounts expected to be withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes arising from any distribution relating to such Issuer Subsidiary Asset made (or anticipated to be made) by the relevant Issuer Subsidiary to the Issuer, in each case unless such withholding or deduction can be reduced or eliminated by application being made under the applicable double tax treaty or otherwise;
(v) any scheduled interest payments as to which the Issuer or the Collateral Manager has actual knowledge that such payment will not be made; and
(vi) any Purchased Accrued Interest,
provided that, in respect of a Non-Euro Obligation:
(A) that is a Currency Hedge Obligation, this paragraph (b) shall be deemed to refer to
(x) prior to the earlier of (1) the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation and (2) the entry by the Issuer into a Currency Hedge Transaction in respect of such Collateral Obligation, 100 per cent. of the scheduled interest payments due but not yet received, converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate and (y) following the earlier of (1) the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, and (2) the entry by the Issuer into a Currency Hedge Transaction in respect of such Collateral Obligation, the related Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Counterparty Payment, in each case, subject to the exclusions set out above; and
(B) that is an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation, the amount taken into account for this paragraph (b) shall be an amount equal to:
(1) if such Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency and has been an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation for less than 180 calendar days since the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, and as long as the Rated Notes are rated by S&P and/or Moody’s, 50 per cent., of the scheduled interest payments due but not yet received (subject to the exclusions set out above), converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate; and
(2) otherwise, zero,
minus the amounts payable pursuant to paragraphs (A) through (F) (inclusive) of the Interest Priority of Payments on the following Payment Date;
minus any of the above amounts that would be payable into the Interest Smoothing Account on the Business Day after the Determination Date at the end of the Due Period in which such Measurement Date falls;
plus any amounts that would be payable from the Expense Reserve Account (only in respect of amounts that are not designated for transfer to the Principal Account), the First Period Reserve Account, the Interest Smoothing Account and/or the Currency Account to the Interest Account in the Due Period in which such Measurement Date falls (where applicable, converted at the Spot Rate, in accordance with these Conditions and without double counting any such amounts which have been already transferred to the Interest Account);
plus any Scheduled Periodic Hedge Counterparty Payments payable to the Issuer under any Interest Rate Hedge Transaction or Currency Hedge Transaction (as determined by the Issuer with the reasonable assistance of the Collateral Manager) to the extent not already included in accordance with (b) above; and
minus any interest in respect of a PIK Obligation that has been deferred (but only to the extent such amount has not already been excluded in accordance with (b)(ii) or (iii) above).
For the purposes of calculating any Interest Coverage Amount, the expected or scheduled interest income on Floating Rate Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments and the expected or scheduled interest payable on any Class of Notes and on any relevant Account shall be calculated using then current interest rates applicable thereto.
“Interest Coverage Ratio” means the Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio, the Class C Interest Coverage Ratio and the Class D Interest Coverage Ratio. For the purposes of calculating an Interest Coverage Ratio, the expected interest income on Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments and the Accounts (to the extent applicable) and the expected interest payable on the relevant Rated Notes will be calculated using the then current interest rates applicable thereto.
“Interest Coverage Test” means the Class A/B Interest Coverage Test, the Class C Interest Coverage Test and the Class D Interest Coverage Test.
“Interest Determination Date” means the second Business Day prior to the commencement of each Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of the Issue Date, the Calculation Agent will determine the offered rate pursuant to a straight line interpolation of the rates applicable to 6 and 12 month Euro deposits on the Issue Date but such offered rate shall be calculated as of the second Business Day prior to the Issue Date.
“Interest Priority of Payments” means the priority of payments in respect of Interest Proceeds set out in Condition 3(c)(i) (Application of Interest Proceeds).
“Interest Proceeds” means all amounts paid or payable into the Interest Account from time to time and, with respect to any Payment Date, means any Interest Proceeds received or receivable by the Issuer during the related Due Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds previously distributed on a Partial Redemption Date during such Due Period) to be disbursed pursuant to the Interest Priority of Payments on such Payment Date, together with any other amounts to be disbursed out of the Payment Account as Interest Proceeds on such Payment Date pursuant to the Interest Priority of Payments and Condition 11(b) (Enforcement).
“Interest Rate Hedge Agreement” means each 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency-Cross Border) or 2002 ISDA Master Agreement (or such other ISDA pro forma Master Agreement as may be published by ISDA from time to time) and the schedule relating thereto which is entered into between the Issuer and an Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty, including any guarantee thereof and any credit support annex entered into pursuant to the terms thereof and together with each confirmation entered into thereunder from time to time in respect of an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction, as amended or supplemented from time to time and including any Replacement Interest Rate Hedge Agreement entered into in replacement thereof.
“Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty” means each financial institution with which the Issuer enters into an Interest Rate Hedge Agreement or any permitted assignee or successor under any Interest Rate Hedge Agreement which, in each case, satisfies the applicable Rating Requirement upon the date of entry into such agreement (or in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation has been obtained on such date) and has the appropriate regulatory capacity (including as a matter of Irish law), to enter into derivative transactions with Irish residents upon the date of entry into such transaction.
“Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Termination Payment” means any amount payable by the Issuer to an Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty upon termination or modification of the applicable Interest Rate Hedge Agreement or Interest Rate Hedge Transaction.
“Interest Rate Hedge Transaction” means each interest rate protection transaction entered into under an Interest Rate Hedge Agreement which may be an interest rate swap, an interest rate cap or an interest rate floor transaction.
“Interest Smoothing Account” means the account described as such in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank to which the Issuer will procure amounts are deposited in accordance with Condition 3(l)(xii) (Interest Smoothing Account).
“Interest Smoothing Amount” means:
in respect of each Determination Date following (and including) the Determination Date upon which a Frequency Switch Event occurs, zero;
in respect of each other Determination Date and for so long as any Rated Notes are Outstanding, an amount determined by the Collateral Administrator, in consultation with the Collateral Manager, equal to:
(i) 0.5; multiplied by

(ii) an amount equal to:
(A) the sum of all interest payments received and due during the related Due Period in respect of each Semi-Annual Obligation (that was a Semi-Annual Obligation at all times during such Due Period), in each case excluding all interest and other amounts received in respect of any Defaulted Obligations save for any Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts; minus

(B) the sum of all interest payments scheduled to be received during the immediately following Due Period in respect of each Semi-Annual Obligation (that was a Semi- Annual Obligation at all times during such Due Period),
provided that, such amount may not be less than zero,
provided further that

(1) following redemption in full of the Rated Notes or if the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Semi-Annual Obligations (excluding Defaulted Obligations) (as of the applicable Determination Date) is less than or equal to 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be its S&P Collateral Value); or
(2) if, as of the applicable Determination Date:
(a) the Interest Smoothing Coverage Ratio is at least 105 per cent. but less than 110 per cent. and the Aggregate Principal Balance of Semi-Annual Obligations (excluding Defaulted Obligations) in aggregate do not exceed 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be its S&P Collateral Value);
(b) the Interest Smoothing Coverage Ratio is at least 110 per cent. but less than 115 per cent. and the Aggregate Principal Balance of Semi-Annual Obligations (excluding Defaulted Obligations) in aggregate do not exceed 10 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be its S&P Collateral Value);
(c) the Interest Smoothing Coverage Ratio is at least 115 per cent. but less than 120 per cent. and the Aggregate Principal Balance of Semi-Annual Obligations (excluding Defaulted Obligations) in aggregate do not exceed 12.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be its S&P Collateral Value); or
(d) the Interest Smoothing Coverage Ratio is at least 120 per cent. and the Aggregate Principal Balance of Semi-Annual Obligations (excluding Defaulted Obligations) in aggregate do not exceed 15 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be its S&P Collateral Value),
such amount shall be deemed to be zero.
“Interest Smoothing Coverage Amount” means, on any particular Measurement Date (without double counting), the sum of:
the sum of all scheduled interest payments (including (X) any commitment fees, all amendment and wavier fees, all late payment fees, all syndication fees, delayed compensation and all other fees and commissions, (Y) any amounts which the applicable Obligor or Selling Institution (as applicable) has agreed or is required to pay by way of a gross-up in respect of amounts withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes and (Z) any amounts which the Collateral Manager reasonably determines will be received within the same Due Period by way of recovery from an applicable tax authority under a double tax treaty or otherwise) due but not yet received (in each case, regardless of whether the applicable due date has yet occurred) in the Due Period following the Due Period in which such Measurement Date occurs on the Collateral Obligations, the Eligible Investments and the Accounts (other
than each Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, but including interest on third party collateral accounts of the kind referred to in Condition 3(l)(ii)(H) (Interest Account), but excluding:
(i) accrued and unpaid interest on Defaulted Obligations or Deferring Securities (excluding Current Pay Obligations) unless such amounts constitute Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts;
(ii) interest on any Collateral Obligation to the extent that such Collateral Obligation does not provide for the scheduled payment of interest in cash;
(iii) any amounts, to the extent that such amounts, if not paid, will not give rise to a default under the relevant Collateral Obligation;
(iv) any amounts expected to be withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes (including for the avoidance of doubt as a result of FATCA), and, in respect of any Issuer Subsidiary Asset held by an Issuer Subsidiary, (A) any income taxes applicable (or which are anticipated to be applicable) to such Issuer Subsidiary in relation to such holding and (B) any amounts expected to be withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes arising from any distribution relating to such Issuer Subsidiary Asset made (or anticipated to be made) by the relevant Issuer Subsidiary to the Issuer, in each case unless such withholding or deduction can be reduced or eliminated by application being made under the applicable double tax treaty or otherwise;
(v) any scheduled interest payments as to which the Issuer or the Collateral Manager has actual knowledge that such payment will not be made; and
(vi) any Purchased Accrued Interest,
provided that, in respect of a Non-Euro Obligation:
(A) that is a Currency Hedge Obligation, this paragraph (b) shall be deemed to refer to
(x) prior to the earlier of (1) the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation and (2) the entry by the Issuer into a Currency Hedge Transaction in respect of such Collateral Obligation, 100 per cent. of the scheduled interest payments due but not yet received, converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate and (y) following the earlier of (1) the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, and (2) the entry by the Issuer into a Currency Hedge Transaction in respect of such Collateral Obligation, the related Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Counterparty Payment, in each case, subject to the exclusions set out above; and
(B) that is an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation, the amount taken into account for this paragraph (b) shall be an amount equal to:
(1) if such Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency and has been an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation for less than 180 calendar days since the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, and as long as the Rated Notes are rated by S&P and/or Moody’s, 50 per cent., of the scheduled interest payments due but not yet received (subject to the exclusions set out above), converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate; and
(2) otherwise, zero,
minus the amounts payable pursuant to paragraphs (A) through (F) (inclusive) of the Interest Priority of Payments on the Payment Date immediately following the next Payment Date;
plus any amounts that would be payable from the Expense Reserve Account (only in respect of amounts that are not designated for transfer to the Principal Account), the First Period Reserve Account and/or
the Currency Account to the Interest Account in the Due Period following the Due Period in which such Measurement Date falls (where applicable, converted at the Spot Rate, in accordance with these Conditions and without double counting any such amounts which have been already transferred to the Interest Account);
plus any Scheduled Periodic Hedge Counterparty Payments payable to the Issuer under any Interest Rate Hedge Transaction or Currency Hedge Transaction (as determined by the Issuer with the reasonable assistance of the Collateral Manager) to the extent not already included in accordance with (b) above; and
minus any interest in respect of a PIK Obligation that has been deferred (but only to the extent such amount has not already been excluded in accordance with (b)(ii) or (iii) above).
For the purposes of calculating any Interest Smoothing Coverage Amount, the expected or scheduled interest income on Floating Rate Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments and the expected or scheduled interest payable on any Class of Notes and on any relevant Account shall be calculated using then current interest rates applicable thereto.
“Interest Smoothing Coverage Ratio” means, as of any Determination Date, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) obtained by dividing the Interest Smoothing Coverage Amount by the sum of the scheduled interest payments due on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes on the Payment Date immediately following the next Payment Date (excluding Deferred Interest but including any interest on Deferred Interest). For the purposes of calculating the Interest Smoothing Coverage Ratio, the expected interest income on Collateral Obligations, Eligible Investments and the Accounts (to the extent applicable) and the expected interest payable on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes will be calculated using the then current interest rates applicable thereto as at the relevant Measurement Date.
“Intermediary Obligation” means an interest in relation to a loan which is structured to be acquired indirectly by lenders therein at or prior to primary syndication thereof, including pursuant to a collateralised deposit or guarantee, a sub-participation or other arrangement which has the same commercial effect and, in each case, in respect of any obligation of the lender to a “fronting bank” in respect of non-payment by the Obligor, is 100 per cent. collateralised by such lenders.
“Investment Company Act” means the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended.
“Investor Reports” means the ongoing quarterly investor reports required under Article 7(1)(e) of the Securitisation Regulation.
“Irish STS Regulations” means the European Union (General Framework for Securitisation and Specific Framework for Simple, Transparent and Standardised Securitisation) Regulations 2018 of Ireland.
“IRR” means the compounded annualised internal rate of return (computed on the basis of a 365 day year and the actual number of days elapsed) derived with the Microsoft® Excel “XIRR” function that, when used to discount all of the payments made (including those payments already made or to be made on the date of determination) by the Issuer to the holders of the Subordinated Notes as distributions in respect of the Subordinated Notes, results in a present value as at the Issue Date that is equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Subordinated Notes on the Issue Date (and assuming for this purpose that all Subordinated Notes were purchased on the Issue Date at a price equal to the Subordinated Notes Initial Offer Price Percentage of the principal amount thereof).
“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service or any successor thereto.
“Issue Date” means 11 December 2020 (or such other date as may shortly follow such date as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser and the Collateral Manager and is notified to the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and Euronext Dublin).
“Issue Date Class F Par Value Ratio” means the Class F Par Value Ratio as determined on the Effective Date.
“Issue Date Collateral Obligation” means an obligation other than an Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligation for which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer) has entered into a binding commitment to purchase on or prior to the Issue Date, including pursuant to the Warehouse Arrangements.
“Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligation” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Issuer Profit Account” means the account in the name of the Issuer in which the Issuer Profit Amount is retained.
“Issuer Profit Amount” means the payment on each Payment Date of €250, or, following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, of €500, subject always to an aggregate maximum of €1,000 per annum, to the Issuer as a fee for entering into the transaction contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
“Issuer Subsidiary” means a special purpose vehicle that is wholly-owned by the Issuer and incorporated in Ireland and treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
“Issuer Subsidiary Assets” means the assets and Collateral Obligations that are contributed to the Issuer Subsidiary and any assets, income and proceeds received in respect thereof.
“Loan Reports” means the ongoing quarterly portfolio level disclosure required under Article 7(1)(a) of the Securitisation Regulation.
“Loss Mitigation Loan” means (i) a debt obligation which may be in the form of a loan or a bond or (ii) an equity interest, in each case, purchased by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) on or after the Issue Date in connection with an insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganisation, default, workout, restructuring, related scheme or similar event to mitigate losses with respect to a related Defaulted Obligation or a related Credit Risk Obligation, as applicable, which loan, bond or equity interest, in the Collateral Manager’s judgment exercised in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, is reasonably necessary to enhance the recovery value of the related Defaulted Obligation or the related Credit Risk Obligation held by the Issuer, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, any Loss Mitigation Loan designated as a Collateral Obligation by the Collateral Manager shall constitute a Collateral Obligation (and not a Loss Mitigation Loan) following such designation.
“Loss Mitigation Loan Target Par Balance Condition” means with respect to any application of Principal Proceeds to acquire a Loss Mitigation Loan, a condition that is satisfied if, immediately following such application of Principal Proceeds, the Collateral Principal Amount will be greater than the Reinvestment Target Par Balance.
“Maintenance Covenant” means a covenant by any borrower to comply with one or more financial covenants, whether or not such borrower has taken any specified action.
“Mandatory Redemption” means a redemption of the Notes pursuant to and in accordance with Condition 7(c) (Mandatory Redemption upon Breach of Coverage Tests).
“Market Value” means, in respect of a Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan, on any date of determination and as provided by the Collateral Manager to the Collateral Administrator (in each case, expressed as a percentage of par):
the bid price of such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan determined by an independent recognised pricing service selected by the Collateral Manager; or
provided if the bid price determined in (a) above is, in the reasonable business judgement of the Collateral Manager, inaccurate or if such independent recognised pricing service is not available, the mean of the bid prices determined by three independent broker-dealers active in the trading of such Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loan; or
if three such broker-dealer prices are not available, the lower of the bid side prices determined by two such broker-dealers in respect of such Collateral Obligation; or
if two such broker-dealer prices are not available, the bid side price determined by one independent broker-dealer (unless, in each case, the fair market value thereof determined by the Collateral Manager pursuant to (e) hereafter would be lower) of such Collateral Obligation; or
if the determinations of such broker-dealers or independent recognised pricing service are not available, then the fair market value thereof determined by the Collateral Manager which the Collateral Manager reasonably believes such obligation could be sold in the market within 30 days on a best commercially reasonable efforts basis (x) in a manner consistent with reasonable and customary market practice, (y) in a manner consistent with any determination the Collateral Manager applies with respect to any other similar obligation managed by the Collateral Manager, and (z) using the same fair market value as is assigned by the Collateral Manager to such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan for all other purposes, in each case, as certified by the Collateral Manager to the Trustee on the date of determination thereof,
provided however that:
(i) for the purposes of this definition, “independent” shall mean: (A) that each pricing service and broker-dealer from whom a bid price is sought is independent from each of the other pricing service and broker-dealers from whom a bid price is sought and (B) each pricing service and broker dealer is not an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager;
(ii) if the Collateral Manager is not subject to MiFID II (or other comparable regulation), where the Market Value is determined by the Collateral Manager in accordance with paragraph (e) above, such Market Value shall only be valid for 30 days, after which time if the Market Value cannot be ascertained by a third party the Market Value shall be deemed to be zero; and
(iii) if the determinations in paragraphs (a) through (e) cannot be made, then such Market Value shall be deemed to be zero until such determination is made in accordance with paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above.
“Maturity Amendment” means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, any waiver, modification, amendment or variance that would extend or have the effect of extending the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity of such Collateral Obligation (whether by way of amendment and restatement of the existing facility or novation or substitution on substantially the same terms save for the maturity amendment). For the avoidance of doubt, a waiver, modification, amendment or variance that would extend the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity of the credit facility of which a Collateral Obligation is part, but would not extend the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity of the Collateral Obligation held by the Issuer, does not constitute a Maturity Amendment.
“Maturity Date” means the Payment Date falling on 15 January 2034 or, if such day is not a Business Day, then the next succeeding Business Day (unless it would fall in the following month, in which case it shall be moved to the immediately preceding Business Day).
“Measurement Date” means:
the Effective Date;
for the purposes of determining satisfaction of the Reinvestment Criteria, any Business Day after the Effective Date on which such criteria are required to be determined;
the date of acquisition of any additional Collateral Obligation following the Effective Date; each Determination Date;
the date as at which any Report is prepared; and
following the Effective Date, with reasonable (and not less than five Business Days’) notice, any Business Day requested by any Rating Agency then rating any Class of Notes Outstanding.
“Mezzanine Obligation” means an obligation (other than a Senior Obligation or a High Yield Bond):
with a junior contractual claim on tangible or intangible property (which property is subject to a prior lien (other than customary permitted liens, such as, but not limited to, any tax liens)) to secure payment of a debt or the fulfilment of a contractual obligation; and
which is a Subordinated Obligation,
including any such obligation with attached warrants and any such obligation which is evidenced by an issue of notes, as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable business judgment, or a Participation therein.
“MiFID II” means European Directive 2014/65/EU and European Regulation 600/2014/EU. “Minimum Denomination” means:
in the case of the Regulation S Notes of each Class, €100,000; and in the case of the Rule 144A Notes of each Class, €250,000,
provided that, to the extent any Noteholder ceases to hold any Rated Notes with an outstanding balance of at least the relevant amount set out in (a) to (c) above solely as a result of a Regulatory Refinancing, the Minimum Denomination for such Rated Notes held by such Noteholder (or any subsequent transferee of such Rated Note) shall be equal to the outstanding principal balance thereof immediately after giving effect to the Regulatory Refinancing (but only as long as the outstanding principal balance of such Rated Notes held by such Noteholder or transferee is less than the relevant amount set out in (a) to (c) above).
“Monthly Report” means the monthly report defined as such in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement which is prepared by the Collateral Administrator (in consultation with the Collateral Manager) on behalf of the Issuer on such dates as are set forth in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, which shall include information regarding the status of certain of the Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement made available via the Reporting Website, which shall be accessible to any Relevant Recipient.
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited, and any successor or successors thereto.
“Moody’s Caa Obligations” means all Collateral Obligations, excluding Defaulted Obligations, with a Moody’s Rating of “Caa1” or lower.
“Moody’s Collateral Value” means:
(1) for each Eligible Investment, Defaulted Obligation and Deferring Security on or after the earlier to occur of (x) the date which falls 90 days after the Collateral Obligation becomes a Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Security or, in the case of an Eligible Investment, becomes treated as a Collateral Obligation for the purpose of calculating its Balance in accordance with the definition thereof and (y) where a Determination Date falls in the 90 day period referred to in (x), the date which falls 30 days after the Collateral Obligation becomes a Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Security or, in the case of an Eligible Investment, becomes treated as a Collateral Obligation for the purpose of calculating its Balance in accordance with the definition thereof and (2) any Loss Mitigation Loan, the lower of:
(i) its prevailing Market Value; and
(ii) the relevant Moody’s Recovery Rate,
multiplied by in the case of (1) above, its Principal Balance; and (2) above, its principal balance; or
in the case of any other applicable Collateral Obligation (including any Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Security not falling in paragraph (a) above), the relevant Moody’s Recovery Rate, or if the Moody’s Recovery Rate cannot be determined, the prevailing Market Value, in each case, multiplied by its Principal Balance.
“Moody’s Rating” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Moody’s Recovery Rate” means in respect of any Collateral Obligation and Loss Mitigation Loan, the recovery rate determined in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or as so advised by Moody’s.
“Moody’s Test Matrix” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“New Risk Retention Rule” means any future credit risk retention law, rule or regulation in the United States that is applicable to the collateral manager and/or the transaction contemplated by the Trust Deed (as determined by the Collateral Manager).
“Non-Call Period” means the period from and including the Issue Date up to, but excluding, 11 December 2021 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, then the next succeeding Business Day (unless it would fall in the following month, in which case it shall be moved to the immediately preceding Business Day)).
“Non-Eligible Issue Date Collateral Obligation” has the meaning given thereto in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Non-Emerging Market Country” means (a) any of Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Cayman Islands, the Channel Islands, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Iceland, Republic of Ireland, Isle of Man, Israel, Italy, Japan, Jersey, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, United States or any other country that is a member of or accedes to the European Union or (b) any other country or jurisdiction
(i) the foreign currency issuer credit rating of which is rated, at the time of acquisition of the relevant Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment, at least “BBB-” by S&P and (ii) the foreign currency bond ceiling rating of which is rated, at the time of acquisition of the relevant Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment, at least “Baa3” by Moody’s (provided that Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s is received in respect of any such other country which is not in the Euro zone); or (c) any other country in respect of which, at the time of acquisition of the relevant Collateral Obligation, Rating Agency Confirmation is received.
“Non-Euro Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation or part thereof, as applicable, denominated in a currency other than Euro.
“Note Event of Default” means each of the events defined as such in Condition 10(a) (Note Events of Default).
“Note Payment Sequence” means the application of Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds, as applicable, in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payment in the following order:
firstly, to the redemption of the Class A Notes (on a pro rata basis) at the applicable Redemption Price in whole or in part until the Class A Notes have been fully redeemed;
secondly, to the redemption of the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes (on a pro rata and pari passu basis) at the applicable Redemption Price in whole or in part until the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes have been fully redeemed;
thirdly, to the redemption of the Class C Notes including any Deferred Interest thereon (on a pro rata basis) at the applicable Redemption Price in whole or in part until the Class C Notes have been fully redeemed;
fourthly, to the redemption of the Class D Notes including any Deferred Interest thereon (on a pro rata basis) at the applicable Redemption Price in whole or in part until the Class D Notes have been fully redeemed;
fifthly, to the redemption of the Class E Notes including any Deferred Interest thereon (on a pro rata basis) at the applicable Redemption Price in whole or in part until the Class E Notes have been fully redeemed; and
sixthly, to the redemption of the Class F Notes including any Deferred Interest thereon (on a pro rata basis) at the applicable Redemption Price in whole or in part until the Class F Notes have been fully redeemed,
provided that, for the purposes of any redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence following any breach of Coverage Tests, the Note Payment Sequence shall terminate immediately after the paragraph above that refers to the Class of Notes to which such Coverage Test relates.
“Note Tax Event” means, at any time:
the introduction of a new, or any change in, any home jurisdiction or foreign tax statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ruling, practice, procedure or judicial decision or interpretation (whether proposed, temporary or final) which results in (or would on the next Payment Date result in) any payment of principal or interest on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and/or the Subordinated Notes becoming properly subject to any withholding tax other than:
(i) a payment in respect of Deferred Interest becoming properly subject to any withholding tax;
(ii) withholding tax in respect of FATCA; or
(iii) by reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder or beneficial owner to comply with any applicable procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for exemption from such tax or to provide information concerning nationality, residency or connection with Ireland, the United States or any other applicable taxing authority; or
United Kingdom or U.S. governmental, state or federal tax authorities or any other tax authority outside of Ireland impose net income, profits, diverted profits or similar tax upon the Issuer or the Issuer otherwise becomes liable to net income, profits, diverted profits or similar tax outside of Ireland (other than any U.S. federal, state or local income or franchise tax imposed solely with respect to an equity security or “United States real property interest” (as defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes) received in an Offer, so long as the Issuer disposes of such equity security or United States real property interest within 30 Business Days of receipt).
“Noteholders” means the several persons in whose name the Notes are registered from time to time in accordance with and subject to their terms and the terms of the Trust Deed, and “holder” (in respect of the Notes) shall be construed accordingly.
“Obligor” means, in respect of a Collateral Obligation, the borrower thereunder or issuer thereof or, in either case, the guarantor thereof (as determined by the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer).
“Offer” means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, (a) any offer by the Obligor under such obligation or by any other Person made to all of the creditors of such Obligor in relation to such obligation to purchase or otherwise acquire such obligation (other than pursuant to any redemption in accordance with the terms of the related Underlying Instruments) or to convert or exchange such obligation into or for cash, securities or any other type of consideration (whether by way of amendment and restatement of the existing facility, novation or substitution), (b) any solicitation by the Obligor of such obligation or any other Person to amend, modify or waive any provision of such obligation or any related Underlying Instrument or (c) any offer or consent request with respect to a Maturity Amendment.
“Optional Redemption” means a redemption pursuant to and in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption).
“Ordinary Resolution” means an ordinary resolution as described in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) and as further described in, and as defined in, the Trust Deed.
“Originated Assets” means certain assets selected by the Retention Holder for purchase by the Issuer, having an aggregate principal amount equal to at least 5% of the Target Par Amount, which the Retention Holder will agree to purchase from the Issuer if certain terms and conditions of the Conditional Sale Agreement are satisfied.
“Originator Requirement” means the requirement which will be satisfied if, on the Issue Date: the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Originated Assets; divided by
the Target Par Amount,
is greater than or equal to 5 per cent.
“Other Plan Law” means any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law or regulation that is substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code.
“Outstanding” means, in relation to the Notes of a Class as of any date of determination, all of the Notes of such Class issued, as further defined in the Trust Deed.
“Par Value Ratio” means the Class A/B Par Value Ratio, the Class C Par Value Ratio, the Class D Par Value Ratio and the Class E Par Value Ratio (as applicable).
“Par Value Test” means the Class A/B Par Value Test, Class C Par Value Test, the Class D Par Value Test, the Class E Par Value Test and the Class F Par Value Test (as applicable).
“Partial Redemption Date” means each date specified for a partial redemption of the Rated Notes of one or more Classes pursuant to Condition 7(b)(ii) (Optional Redemption in Part – Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager) or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day.
“Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds” means, as of any Partial Redemption Date or Regulatory Refinancing Date, as applicable, an amount equal to:
to the lesser of:
(i) the amount of accrued interest on the Class or Classes of Rated Notes that are the subject of the Refinancing or the Regulatory Refinancing, as applicable; and
(ii) the amount the Collateral Manager reasonably determines would have been available for distribution under the Interest Priority of Payments for the payment of accrued interest on the Class or Classes of Rated Notes that are the subject of the Refinancing or the Regulatory Refinancing, as applicable, on the next subsequent Payment Date (or in the case of a Partial Redemption Date or a Regulatory Refinancing Date, as applicable, that is occurring on a Payment Date, on such date) if such Notes had not been subject to such Refinancing or the Regulatory Refinancing, as applicable; plus
if the Partial Redemption Date or the Regulatory Refinancing Date, as applicable, is not otherwise a Payment Date, an amount equal to the Collateral Manager reasonably determines would have been available for distribution under the Interest Priority of Payments for the payment of Trustee Fees and Expenses and Administrative Expenses on the next following Payment Date; and
any amounts designated as such and transferred to the Interest Account at the discretion of the Collateral Manager pursuant to Condition 3(l)(vi) (Supplemental Reserve Account).
“Partial Redemption Priority of Payments” means the priority of payments in respect of Refinancing Proceeds and Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds set out in Condition 3(c)(iii) (Application of Refinancing Proceeds, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds and Designated Excess Par).
“Participation” means an interest in a Collateral Obligation acquired indirectly by the Issuer by way of sub-participation from a Selling Institution which shall include, for the purposes of the Bivariate Risk Table set forth in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, Intermediary Obligations.
“Participation Agreement” means an agreement between the Issuer and a Selling Institution in relation to the purchase by the Issuer of a Participation.
“Payment Account” means the account described as such in the name of the Issuer held with the Account Bank or the Custodian, as applicable, to which amounts shall be transferred by the Account Bank on the instructions of the Collateral Administrator on the Business Day prior to each Payment Date out of certain of the other Accounts in accordance with Condition 3(k) (Accounts) and out of which the amounts required to be paid on each Payment Date pursuant to the Priorities of Payment shall be paid.
“Payment Date” means:
following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, 15 January and 15 July (where the Payment Date immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Frequency Switch Event falls in either January or July), or 15 April and 15 October (where the Payment Date immediately prior to the occurrence of the relevant Frequency Switch Event falls in either April or October); and
15 January, 15 April, 15 July and 15 October, at all other times,
in each case in each year commencing on 15 July 2021 up to and including the Maturity Date (each, a “Scheduled Payment Date”) and any Redemption Date in connection with a redemption of the Rated Notes in whole, the Final Distribution Date, and/or following the date upon which the Rated Notes have been redeemed in full, any Unscheduled Payment Date, provided that, if any Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day (unless it would thereby fall in the following month, in which case it shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day).
“Payment Date Report” means the report defined as such in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement which is prepared by the Collateral Administrator (in consultation with the Collateral Manager) on behalf of the Issuer on each Payment Date and made available via the Reporting Website, which shall be accessible to any Relevant Recipient, not later than the Business Day preceding the related Payment Date.
“Permitted Use” has the meaning ascribed to it in Condition 3(l)(vi) (Supplemental Reserve Account).
“Person” means an individual, corporation (including a business trust), partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated association or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.
“PIK Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation which is a security or other debt obligations, the terms of which permit the deferral of the payment of all interest thereon, including without limitation by way of capitalising interest thereon, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, Mezzanine Obligations shall not constitute PIK Obligations.
“Plan Asset Regulation” means 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, as they may be amended or modified.
“Portfolio” means the Collateral Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loans, Collateral Enhancement Obligations, Exchanged Securities, Eligible Investments and other similar obligations or securities held by or on behalf of the Issuer from time to time.
“Portfolio Profile Tests” means the Portfolio Profile Tests each as defined in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments” means the priority of payments set out in Condition 11 (Enforcement).
“Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Presentation Date” means a day which (subject to Condition 12 (Prescription)): is a Business Day;
is or falls after the relevant due date or, if the due date is not or was not a Business Day in the place of presentation, is or falls after the next following Business Day which is a Business Day in the place of presentation; and
is a Business Day in the place in which the account specified by the payee is located. “Principal Account” means the account described as such in the name of the Issuer with the Custodian.
“Principal Amount Outstanding” means, in relation to any Class of Notes and at any time, the aggregate principal amount outstanding under such Class of Notes at that time, including, in the case of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes, Deferred Interest which has been capitalised pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest) save that Deferred Interest shall not be included for the purposes of determining voting rights or the right to give directions or instructions attributable to the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes and Class F Note, as applicable, and the applicable quorum at any meeting of the Noteholders pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution); and provided that (i) solely in connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution, no Notes held in the form of CM Non-Voting Notes or CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes shall (a) be entitled to vote in respect of such CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution, or (b) be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting in respect of such CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution; and (ii) solely in connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution, Notes held by (A) Collateral Manager Related Persons shall not be entitled to vote or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting in respect of such CM Removal Resolution, and (B) the Collateral Manager shall not be entitled to vote or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting in respect of such CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution.
“Principal Balance” means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, Eligible Investment, Collateral Enhancement Obligation or Exchanged Security, as of any date of determination, the outstanding principal amount thereof (excluding any interest capitalised pursuant to the terms of such instrument other than, with respect to a Mezzanine Obligation and a PIK Obligation, any such interest capitalised pursuant to the terms thereof), provided however that:
the Principal Balance of any Revolving Obligation and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation as of any date of determination shall be the outstanding principal amount of such Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, plus any undrawn commitments that have not been irrevocably cancelled with respect to such Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation;
the Principal Balance of each Exchanged Security and each Collateral Enhancement Obligation shall be deemed to be zero;
the Principal Balance of:
(i) any Currency Hedge Obligation shall be an amount equal to the Euro equivalent of the outstanding principal amount of the reference Non-Euro Obligation, converted into Euro at the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate; and
(ii) any Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation shall be:
(A) if such Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency and, has been an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation for less than 180 calendar days since the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation or is an Unhedged Collateral Obligation which has not yet settled with the Issuer, and as long as the Rated Notes are rated by S&P and/or Moody’s, the product of:
(1) 30.0 per cent. of the principal amount of such Collateral Obligation; and
(2) the Applicable Exchange Rate; and
(B) in respect of any other Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation, zero;
the Principal Balance of any Collateral Obligation which constitutes a Distressed Exchange Obligation shall be the outstanding principal amount of the new obligation accepted as part of the related Offer (as adjusted by paragraphs (a) and/or (c) of this definition, if applicable);
the Principal Balance of any cash shall be the amount of such cash (and where such cash is denominated in a currency other than Euro) converted where applicable into Euro at the Spot Rate, save in respect of a Currency Hedge Obligation where any such cash shall be converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate;
for the purposes of the Collateral Quality Tests, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be zero;
for the purposes of determining satisfaction of the Originator Requirement, the Principal Balance of any Collateral Obligation shall be its Principal Balance determined without any adjustments for purchase price or the application of haircuts or other adjustments;
solely for the purposes of the Collateral Quality Tests and the Portfolio Profile Tests, if the Issuer commits to purchase a Collateral Obligation as part of a primary issuance, and the Collateral Manager certifies that the closing of such Collateral Obligation is contingent on the repayment of an existing Collateral Obligation currently held by the Issuer, then, until the settlement of the new Collateral Obligation, any overlapping principal amount between the existing Collateral Obligation and the new Collateral Obligation that is due to be repaid upon such settlement date will be excluded from the Principal Balance of the existing Collateral Obligation;
the Principal Balance of any Loss Mitigation Loan shall be:
(A) for the purposes of calculating the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount, in the case of any Loss Mitigation Loan which is a debt obligation and, on any Business Day on or following the acquisition thereof, satisfies all of the Eligibility Criteria except for sub-paragraphs (c), (i), (j), (p), (q), (r) and (dd): (1) in the case of any such Loss Mitigation Loan acquired with Principal Proceeds, the lower of its Moody’s Collateral Value and S&P Collateral Value; and (2) in any other case, such Loss Mitigation Loan’s principal balance shall be zero, unless the Collateral Manager has elected to apply case (1) above notwithstanding that such Loss Mitigation Loan was not acquired with Principal Proceeds (in which case the Principal Balance determined in case (1) above shall apply to such Loss Mitigation Loan); and
(B) for any other purpose and in any other case, zero;
solely for the purposes of determining the Collateral Principal Amount for the Loss Mitigation Loan Target Par Balance Condition, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be the lower of its S&P Collateral Value and its Moody’s Collateral Value provided that, if such Collateral Obligation constitutes a Defaulted Obligation pursuant to only one sub-paragraph of either paragraph (d) or (e) of the definition of Defaulted Obligation as a result of its Moody’s Rating, the Principal Balance of such Defaulted Obligation for such purpose shall be its Moody’s Collateral Value and (ii) if it constitutes a Defaulted Obligation solely as a result of its S&P Rating, the Principal Balance of such Defaulted Obligation for such purpose shall be its S&P Collateral Value; and
the Principal Balance in respect of a Restructured Obligation that is a Zero Coupon Security, shall be its accreted value.
“Principal Hedged Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation which is not denominated or drawn in EUR and which is, or will, in the reasonable determination of the Collateral Manager, not later than three Business
Days after the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, become the subject of an FX Forward Transaction.
“Principal Priority of Payments” means the priority of payments in respect of Principal Proceeds set out in Condition 3(c)(ii) (Application of Principal Proceeds).
“Principal Proceeds” means all amounts payable out of, paid out of, payable into or paid into the Principal Account from time to time and, with respect to any Payment Date, means Principal Proceeds received or receivable by the Issuer during the related Due Period and any other amounts to be disbursed as Principal Proceeds on such Payment Date pursuant to the Principal Priority of Payments or Condition 11(b) (Enforcement). For the avoidance of doubt, amounts received as principal proceeds in connection with an Offer for the exchange of a Collateral Obligation for a new or novated obligation or substitute obligation will not constitute Principal Proceeds and will not be deposited into the Principal Account to the extent such principal proceeds are required to be applied as consideration for the new or novated obligation or substitute obligation (subject to the Restructured Obligation Criteria being satisfied).
“Priorities of Payment” means:
save for (i) in connection with any Optional Redemption of the Notes in whole but not in part pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption), (ii) in connection with a redemption in whole pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) or (iii) following the delivery (whether actual or deemed) of an Acceleration Notice which has not subsequently been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Curing of Default), in the case of Interest Proceeds, the Interest Priority of Payments and, in the case of Principal Proceeds, the Principal Priority of Payments;
in the event of any Optional Redemption of the Notes in whole but not in part pursuant to Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) or following the delivery (whether actual or deemed) of an Acceleration Notice which has not subsequently been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Curing of Default), the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments;
in connection with any Optional Redemption of the Notes in part but not in whole pursuant to Condition 7(b)(ii) (Optional Redemption in Part – Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager) and in connection with which the Partial Redemption Date is a date other than a Payment Date and the Refinancing Proceeds and Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds in relation thereto, the Partial Redemption Priority of Payments; and
in the event of any Regulatory Refinancing in accordance with Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing), in the case of Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds and Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds in respect of the relevant Regulatory Refinancing, the Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds Priority of Payment.
“Purchased Accrued Interest” means, with respect to any Due Period, all payments of interest and proceeds of sale received during such Due Period in relation to any Collateral Obligation, in each case, to the extent that such amounts represent accrued and/or capitalised interest in respect of such Collateral Obligation (including, in respect of a Mezzanine Obligation or PIK Obligation, any accrued interest which, as at the time of purchase, had been capitalised and added to the principal amount of such Mezzanine Obligation or PIK Obligation in accordance with its terms), which was purchased at the time of the acquisition thereof with Principal Proceeds and/or amounts paid out of the Unused Proceeds Account. Any accrued interest on Collateral Obligations which the Issuer is paying to the warehouse providers on the Issue Date in accordance with the Warehouse Arrangements shall also constitute Purchased Accrued Interest when such interest amounts are received by the Issuer in respect of such Collateral Obligations.
“Purchased Discount Obligation” means a Collateral Obligation that has been purchased at a purchase price (taking into account upfront fees or any other costs or fees paid or received) of less than 100.0 per cent. and that has been irrevocably designated as a Purchased Discount Obligation in the sole discretion of the Collateral Manager as of the date of acquisition by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation in a notice delivered to the Trustee and the Collateral Administrator; provided that an obligation shall only be deemed to be a Purchased Discount
Obligation if as of such date of acquisition, (i) it is not a Discount Obligation and (ii) it would not cause the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Purchased Discount Obligations to exceed 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Collateral Obligation is not deemed to be a Purchased Discount Obligation pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above on the relevant date of acquisition, it may be designated as a Purchased Discount Obligation at a later date if, on such later date, it would not cause the Collateral Principal Amount of all Purchased Discount Obligations to exceed 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount.
“QIB” means a Person who is a “qualified institutional buyer” as defined in Rule 144A. “QIB/QP” means a Person who is both a QIB and a QP.
“Qualified Purchaser” and “QP” mean a Person who is a “qualified purchaser” as defined in Section 2(a)(51)(A) of the Investment Company Act.
“Qualifying Currency” means Sterling, U.S. Dollars, Norwegian Krone, Danish Krone, Swedish Krona, Swiss Francs, Australian Dollars, Canadian Dollars and Japanese Yen, or such other currency in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation is received.
“Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency” means Sterling, U.S. Dollars, Norwegian Krone, Danish Krone, Swedish Krona, Swiss Francs, Australian Dollars or Canadian Dollars.
“Rate of Interest” has the meaning given thereto in Condition 6(e)(i) (Floating Rate of Interest).
“Rated Notes” means the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes.
“Rating Agencies” means Moody’s and S&P, provided that if at any time Moody’s and/or S&P ceases to provide rating services, “Rating Agencies” shall mean any other nationally recognised investment rating agency or rating agencies (as applicable) selected by the Issuer (a “Replacement Rating Agency”) and “Rating Agency” means any such rating agency. In the event that at any time a Rating Agency is replaced by a Replacement Rating Agency, references to rating categories of the original Rating Agency in these Conditions, the Trust Deed and the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement shall be deemed instead to be references to the equivalent categories of the relevant Replacement Rating Agency as of the most recent date on which such other rating agency published ratings for the type of security in respect of which such Replacement Rating Agency is used and all references herein to “Rating Agencies” shall be construed accordingly. Any rating agency shall cease to be a Rating Agency if, at any time, it does not have an outstanding rating in respect of at least one Class of the Rated Notes.
“Rating Agency Confirmation” means, with respect to any specified action, determination or appointment, receipt by the Issuer and/or the Trustee of written confirmation (which may take the form of a bulletin, press release, email or other written communication) by each Rating Agency which has, as at the relevant date assigned ratings to any Class of the Rated Notes that are Outstanding (or, if applicable, the Rating Agency specified in respect of any such action or determination, provided that such Rating Agency has, as at the relevant date assigned ratings to any Class of the Rated Notes) that such specified action, determination or appointment will not result in the reduction or withdrawal of any of the ratings currently assigned to the Rated Notes by such Rating Agency. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction Document and these Conditions, no Rating Agency Confirmation shall be required from a Rating Agency in respect of any action, determination or appointment if
(i) such Rating Agency has declined a request from the Trustee, the Collateral Manager or the Issuer to review the effect of such action, determination or appointment or (ii) such Rating Agency announces (publicly or otherwise) or confirms to the Trustee, the Collateral Manager or the Issuer that Rating Agency Confirmation from such Rating Agency is not required, or that its practice is to not give such confirmations for such type of action, determination or appointment or (iii) such Rating Agency has ceased to engage in the business of providing ratings or has made a public statement in writing to the effect that it will no longer review events or circumstances of the type requiring a Rating Agency Confirmation under any Transaction Document or these Conditions for purposes of evaluating whether to confirm the then-current ratings (or initial ratings) of obligations rated by such Rating Agency, provided further that if such confirmation has been requested (in writing or by email) from Moody’s at least three separate times during a 15 Business Day period and it has either not made any response to such requests or has not indicated in response to any such request that it will consider the application, such confirmation shall be deemed to have been received (provided that any such request must have been made to a representative of Moody’s
reasonably believed by the person making such request to have the requisite authority to consider and respond (affirmatively or negatively) to such request).
“Rating Confirmation Plan” means a plan provided by the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) to the Rating Agencies setting forth the intended timing and manner of acquisition of additional Collateral Obligations and/or any other intended action which will cause confirmation of the Initial Ratings, as further described and as defined in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Rating Event” means, at any time, the reduction or withdrawal of any of the ratings then assigned to the Rated Notes by a Rating Agency.
“Rating Requirement” means:
in the case of the Account Bank and Custodian:
(i) a short-term senior unsecured debt rating of at least “P-1” and a long–term senior unsecured issuer credit rating of at least “A2” by Moody’s; and
(ii) a long term issuer credit rating of at least “A” by S&P and a short-term issuer credit rating of at least “A-1” by S&P or, if it does not have such short-term rating, a long term issuer credit rating of at least “A+” by S&P;
in the case of any Hedge Counterparty, the ratings requirement(s) as set out in the relevant Hedge Agreement;
in the case of a Selling Institution with regards to a Participation only, a counterparty which satisfies the ratings set out in the Bivariate Risk Table; and
in the case of the Principal Paying Agent a short-term senior unsecured debt rating of “P-3” by Moody’s and a long-term senior unsecured issuer credit rating of at least “Baa3” by Moody’s,
or in each case, (x) such other rating or ratings as may be agreed by the relevant Rating Agency as would maintain the then current rating of the Rated Notes and (y) if any of the requirements are not satisfied by any of the parties referred to herein, Rating Agency Confirmation from the relevant Rating Agency is received in respect of such party.
“Receiver” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a)(vi) (Insolvency Proceedings).
“Received Obligation” means a debt obligation, security or interest received pursuant to a Bankruptcy Exchange.
“Reclassification Price” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Record Date” means:
in respect of Notes represented by a Definitive Certificate, the fifteenth day before the relevant due date for payment of principal and interest in respect of such Note; and
in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate, the close of business on the Clearing System Business Day before the relevant due date for payment of principal and interest in respect of such Note.
“Redemption Date” means each date specified for a redemption of the Notes of a Class pursuant to Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day or the date on which the Notes of such Class are accelerated pursuant to Condition 10 (Events of Default).
“Redemption Determination Date” has the meaning given thereto in Condition 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only).
“Redemption Notice” means a redemption notice in the form available from the Transfer Agent which has been duly completed by a Noteholder and which specifies, amongst other things, the applicable Redemption Date.
“Redemption Price” means, when used with respect to:
any Subordinated Note, such Subordinated Note’s pro rata share (calculated in accordance with paragraph (DD) of the Interest Priority of Payments, paragraph (U) of the Principal Priority of Payments and paragraph (W) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments) of the aggregate proceeds of liquidation of the Collateral, or realisation of the security thereover in such circumstances, remaining following application thereof in accordance with the Priorities of Payment; and
any Rated Note, 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding thereof (if any), together with any accrued and unpaid interest in respect thereof to the relevant day of redemption and, in respect of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes, any Deferred Interest,
provided that in the case of an Optional Redemption of the Rated Notes in whole, the holders of 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Class of Rated Notes may elect to receive less than 100 per cent. of the Redemption Price that would otherwise be payable to the holders of such Class of Rated Notes.
“Redemption Threshold Amount” means the aggregate of all amounts which would be due and payable by the Issuer on redemption of the Rated Notes on the scheduled Redemption Date (to the extent such amounts are ascertainable by the Collateral Administrator (in consultation with the Collateral Manager) or have been provided to the Collateral Administrator by the relevant Secured Party and, for the avoidance of doubt, not taking into account for this purpose any reduction in the Issuer’s payment obligations pursuant to the Conditions or any other Transaction Document as a result of any limited recourse provisions) which rank in priority to payments in respect of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments.
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given thereto in paragraph (A) of Condition 6(e)(i) (Floating Rate of Interest).
“Refinancing” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing).
“Refinancing Costs” means the fees, costs, charges and expenses (together with any VAT thereon (and to the extent such amount relates to the costs and expenses of a person other than the Issuer, such VAT shall be limited to irrecoverable VAT)) incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of a Refinancing or a Regulatory Refinancing, as applicable, provided that such fees, costs, charges and expenses have been incurred as a direct result of a Refinancing or a Regulatory Refinancing, as applicable, as determined by the Collateral Manager.
“Refinancing Obligation” has the meaning given thereto in Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing).
“Refinancing Proceeds” means the cash proceeds from a Refinancing.
“Register” means the register of holders of the legal title to the Notes kept by the Registrar pursuant to the terms of the Agency Agreement.
“Regulation S” means Regulation S under the Securities Act.
“Regulation S Notes” means the Notes offered for sale to non-U.S. Persons in offshore transactions outside of the United States in reliance on Regulation S.
“Regulatory Refinancing” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing).
“Regulatory Refinancing Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing).
“Regulatory Refinancing Obligation” means each replacement note issued in connection with a Regulatory Refinancing.
“Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds” means the cash proceeds of Regulatory Refinancing Obligations.
“Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds Priority of Payment” has the meaning specified in Condition 3(c)(iv) (Application of Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds).
“Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price” means with respect to any:
Rated Notes, an amount equal to: (i) the outstanding principal amount of such Rated Notes being redeemed plus (ii) accrued and unpaid interest (including any defaulted interest and any interest thereon and including interest on Deferred Interest) on such Rated Notes to (but excluding) the Regulatory Refinancing Date; and
Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price. “Reinvesting Noteholder” means:
each Subordinated Noteholder that elects to contribute a Reinvestment Amount and whose Reinvestment Amount is accepted; and
each subsequent holder of a beneficial interest in a Subordinated Note with respect to which a Reinvestment Amount had been accepted,
in each case, in accordance with Condition 3(e) (Reinvestment Amounts). “Reinvestment Amount” means:
all or the relevant portion of any Incentive Collateral Management Fee which the Collateral Manager designates as a Reinvestment Amount pursuant to paragraph (CC) of the Interest Priority of Payments or paragraph (T) of the Principal Priority of Payments;
a cash contribution or designation of Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds which a Subordinated Noteholder designates as a Reinvestment Amount pursuant to Condition 3(e) (Reinvestment Amounts); or
an additional issuance of Subordinated Notes pursuant to Condition 17(b) (Additional Issuances).
“Reinvestment Criteria” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test” means the test which will apply as of any Measurement Date on and after the Effective Date and during the Reinvestment Period only which will be satisfied on such Measurement Date if the Class F Par Value Ratio is at least equal to 104.51 per cent.
“Reinvestment Period” means the period from and including the Issue Date up to and including the earliest of:
(i) 15 January 2024 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, then the next succeeding Business Day (unless it would fall in the following month, in which case it shall be moved to the immediately preceding Business Day)); (ii) the date of the acceleration of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Acceleration) (provided that such Acceleration Notice (actual or deemed) has not been rescinded or annulled in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Curing of Default)); (iii) the date specified by the Collateral Manager with prior written consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution), in order to facilitate a Refinancing; (iv) the date that Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited (or an Affiliate thereof) is removed as Collateral Manager pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and (v) the date on which the Collateral Manager reasonably believes and certifies to the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator, the Rating Agencies and the Trustee that it can no longer reinvest in additional Collateral Obligations in accordance with the Reinvestment Criteria, provided that in the case of paragraph (iii) above, the Collateral Manager shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee (who shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) and the Collateral Administrator thereof in writing at least one Business Day prior to such date.
“Reinvestment Target Par Balance” means, as of any date of determination, the Target Par Amount, minus:
(i) the amount of any reduction in the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes (excluding the Class Z Notes and Deferred Interest which has been capitalised pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest)) and plus (ii) the
Principal Amount Outstanding of any additional Notes issued pursuant to Condition 17 (Additional Issuances) or, if greater, the aggregate amount of Principal Proceeds that result from the issuance of such additional Notes.
“Relevant Recipient” means:
in respect of the Monthly Reports and the Payment Date Reports, any one or more of the following who certifies to the Collateral Administrator (such certification to be substantially in the form set out in schedule 23 (Form of Certification) of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or such form as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator from time to time) (such certification may be given electronically and upon which certificate the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability) that such person is: (i) the Issuer, (ii) the Sole Arranger, (iii) the Initial Purchaser, (iv) the Trustee, (v) the Collateral Manager, (vi) a Hedge Counterparty in respect of which one or more Hedge Transactions have been entered into and remain in force, (vii) a Rating Agency, (viii) a Noteholder or (ix) Intex Solutions, Inc. and Bloomberg L.P provided that Intex Solutions, Inc. and Bloomberg L.P. (as applicable) take reasonable measures to ensure that such Reports are accessed only by users who meet the securities laws qualifications for holding Notes; and
in respect of any reports, data or information, including any Loan Reports and any Investor Reports, required pursuant to the EU Transparency Requirements, any person who certifies to the Collateral Administrator (such certification to be substantially in the form set out in schedule 23 (Form of Certification) of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or such form as may be agreed between the Issuer, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator from time to time) (such certification may be given electronically and upon which certificate the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability) that such person is: (i) the Issuer, (ii) the Sole Arranger, (iii) the Initial Purchaser, (iv) the Trustee, (v) the Collateral Manager, (vi) a Hedge Counterparty in respect of which one or more Hedge Transactions have been entered into and remain in force, (vii) a Rating Agency, (viii) a Noteholder, (ix) a Competent Authority or (x) a potential investor in the Notes.
“Replacement Currency Hedge Agreement” means any Currency Hedge Agreement entered into by the Issuer upon termination of an existing Currency Hedge Agreement on substantially the same terms as such existing Currency Hedge Agreement that preserves for the Issuer the economic effect of the terminated Currency Hedge Agreement and all Currency Hedge Transactions thereunder, subject to such amendments as may be agreed by the Trustee and in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained.
“Replacement FX Forward Agreement” means any FX Forward Agreement entered into by the Issuer upon termination of an existing FX Forward Agreement on substantially the same terms as such existing FX Forward Agreement that preserves for the Issuer the economic effect of the terminated FX Forward Agreement and all FX Forward Transactions thereunder, subject to such amendments as may be agreed by the Trustee and in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained.
“Replacement Hedge Agreements” means each Replacement Currency Hedge Agreement, each Replacement FX Forward Agreement and each Replacement Interest Rate Hedge Agreement and “Replacement Hedge Agreement” means any of them.
“Replacement Hedge Transaction” means any replacement Interest Rate Hedge Transaction, Currency Hedge Transaction or FX Forward Transaction entered into under a Replacement Interest Rate Hedge Agreement, Replacement Currency Hedge Agreement or FX Forward Agreement (as applicable) (or under another existing Interest Rate Hedge Agreement, Currency Hedge Agreement or FX Forward Agreement with another Hedge Counterparty) in respect of the relevant terminated Interest Rate Hedge Transactions, Currency Hedge Transactions or FX Forward Transactions under the relevant terminated Interest Rate Hedge Agreement, Currency Hedge Agreement or FX Forward Agreement (as applicable).
“Replacement Interest Rate Hedge Agreement” means any Interest Rate Hedge Agreement entered into by the Issuer upon termination of an existing Interest Rate Hedge Agreement in full on substantially the same terms as the original Interest Rate Hedge Agreement that preserves for the Issuer the economic equivalent of the terminated
Interest Rate Hedge Transactions outstanding thereunder, subject to such amendments as may be agreed by the Trustee and in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained.
“Report” means each Monthly Report, Payment Date Report, Investor Report and Loan Report.
“Reporting Agreement” means an agreement in a form approved by the Rating Agencies entered into between the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) and a Hedge Counterparty for the provision of certain information in connection with the performance by such Hedge Counterparty of certain derivative transaction reporting obligations on behalf of the Issuer.
“Reporting Website” means a secured website, being:
the website currently located at https://gctinvestorreporting.bnymellon.com; or
any successor or alternative website notified in writing by the Collateral Administrator to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, each Hedge Counterparty in respect of which one or more Hedge Transactions have been entered into and remain in force and the Collateral Manager and as notified in writing by the Issuer (with reasonable assistance, if the Issuer so requires, from the Collateral Manager) to each Rating Agency and the Noteholders from time to time.
“Resolution” means any Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution, as the context may require. “Restricted Trading Period” means the period during which either:
the Moody’s rating or S&P rating of the Class A Notes is withdrawn (and not reinstated) or is one or more sub-categories below its rating on the Issue Date, provided such Class A Notes are Outstanding;
the Moody’s rating or S&P rating of the Class B Notes or the Class C Notes is withdrawn (and not reinstated) or is two or more sub-categories below its rating on the Issue Date, provided such Class B Notes or Class C Notes are Outstanding,
provided that, in each case, such period will not be a Restricted Trading Period:
(i) if the sum of: (1) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments representing Principal Proceeds (excluding the Collateral Obligation being sold but including, without duplication, any related reinvestment and the anticipated cash proceeds, if any, of such sale), and (2) amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account (to the extent such amounts have not and will not be designated as Interest Proceeds to be credited to the Interest Account and including Eligible Investments therein but save for any interest accrued on Eligible Investments) is equal to or greater than the Reinvestment Target Par Balance; or
(ii) if the downgrade or withdrawal of such rating is as a result of either (A) regulatory change or
(B) a change in the relevant Rating Agency’s structured finance rating criteria; or
(iii) upon the direction of the Issuer with the consent of the Controlling Class acting by Ordinary Resolution,
provided, further, that no Restricted Trading Period shall restrict any sale of a Collateral Obligation entered into by the Issuer at a time when a Restricted Trading Period is not in effect, regardless of whether such sale has settled.
“Restructured Obligation” means a Collateral Obligation which has been restructured (whether effected by way of an amendment to the terms of such Collateral Obligation (including but not limited to an extension of its maturity) or by way of substitution of new obligations and/or change of Obligor) and which satisfies the Restructured Obligation Criteria as at its applicable Restructuring Date provided that the failure of a Restructured Obligation to satisfy the Restructured Obligation Criteria at any time after the applicable Restructuring Date shall not cause such obligation to cease to be a Restructured Obligation unless it is subsequently restructured again, in which case such obligation shall constitute a Restructured Obligation provided that it satisfies the Restructured Obligation Criteria as at its Restructuring Date.
“Restructured Obligation Criteria” means the restructured obligation criteria specified in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement which are required to be satisfied in respect of each Restructured Obligation at the applicable Restructuring Date.
“Restructuring Date” means the date a restructuring of a Collateral Obligation becomes binding on the holders thereof provided, if an obligation satisfies the Restructured Obligation Criteria at a later date, such later date shall be deemed to be the Restructuring Date for the purposes of determining whether such obligation shall constitute a Restructured Obligation.
“Retention Holder” means Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited in its capacity as initial Retention Holder and any successor, assign or transferee to the extent permitted under the Retention Undertaking Letter and the EU Retention Requirements.
“Retention Note Purchase Agreement” means the note purchase agreement in respect of the Retention Notes between the Initial Purchaser, the Issuer and the Retention Holder dated on or about the Issue Date.
“Retention Notes” has the meaning given to it in the Retention Undertaking Letter.
“Retention Undertaking Letter” means a letter dated on or about the Issue Date between the Retention Holder, the Issuer, the Trustee, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger and the Collateral Administrator.
“Revolving Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation (other than a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation) that is a loan (including, without limitation, revolving loans, funded and unfunded portions of revolving credit lines and letter of credit facilities, unfunded commitments under specific facilities and other similar loans and investments) denominated in Euro that pursuant to the terms of its Underlying Instruments may require one or more future advances to be made to the borrower by the Issuer; but any such Collateral Obligation will be a Revolving Obligation only until all commitments to make advances to the borrower expire or are terminated or reduced to zero.
“Rule 144A” means Rule 144A under the Securities Act.
“Rule 144A Notes” means Notes offered for sale within the United States or to U.S. Persons in reliance on Rule 144A.
“Rule 17g-5” means Rule 17g-5 under the Exchange Act.
“S&P” means Standard & Poor’s Credit Market Services Europe Limited and any successor or successors thereto.
“S&P CCC Obligations” means all Collateral Obligations, excluding Defaulted Obligations, with a S&P Rating of “CCC+” or lower.
“S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“S&P CDO Monitor BDR” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“S&P CDO Monitor SDR” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“S&P CDO Monitor Test” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“S&P Collateral Value” means for each Defaulted Obligation, Loss Mitigation Loan and Deferring Security as at the applicable Measurement Date, the lower of:
(a) its prevailing Market Value; and
(b) the relevant S&P Recovery Rate,
in each case, multiplied by in the case of a Collateral Obligation, its Principal Balance and in the case of a Loss Mitigation Loan, its principal balance.
“S&P Rating” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“S&P Recovery Rate” means in respect of any Collateral Obligation and Loss Mitigation Loan and each Class of Rated Notes, the S&P recovery rate determined in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or as advised by S&P.
“Sale Proceeds” means:
all proceeds received upon the sale of any Collateral Obligation (other than any Currency Hedge Obligation but, including any amounts transferred to the Principal Account in connection with the reclassification of any Collateral Obligation as a Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligation in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement) excluding any sale proceeds representing accrued interest designated as Interest Proceeds by the Collateral Manager, provided that no such designation may be made in respect of: (i) Purchased Accrued Interest; or (ii) any interest received in respect of any Mezzanine Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine Obligation other than Defaulted Mezzanine Excess Amounts; or (iii) proceeds that represent deferred interest accrued in respect of any PIK Obligation; or (iv) proceeds representing accrued interest received in respect of any Defaulted Obligation unless and until such amounts represent Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts;
in the case of any Currency Hedge Obligation, all amounts in Euros received by the Issuer from the applicable Currency Hedge Counterparty in exchange for payment by the Issuer of the sale proceeds of any Collateral Obligation as described in paragraph (a) above, under the related Currency Hedge Transaction;
in the case of any Collateral Enhancement Obligation or Exchanged Security, all proceeds and any fees received upon the sale of such Collateral Enhancement Obligation or Exchanged Security; and
in the case of any Principal Hedged Obligation, all amounts in Euro payable to the Issuer by the applicable FX Forward Counterparty in exchange for payment by the Issuer of the sale proceeds of any Collateral Obligation as described in paragraph (a) above but amended to apply to such Principal Hedged Obligation, under the related FX Forward Transaction (after netting against any FX Forward Issuer Termination Payment (determined without regard to the exclusions of unpaid amounts and FX Forward Issuer Principal Exchange Amounts set forth in the definition thereof) payable by the Issuer in such circumstances),
in each case net of any amounts expended by or payable by the Issuer or the Collateral Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) in connection with the sale, disposition or termination of such Collateral Obligation, Collateral Enhancement Obligation or Exchanged Security.
“Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Counterparty Payment” means, with respect to any Currency Hedge Agreement, all amounts scheduled to be paid by the Currency Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the terms of such Currency Hedge Agreement, excluding any Currency Hedge Counterparty Termination Payment.
“Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Issuer Payment” means, with respect to any Currency Hedge Agreement, all amounts scheduled to be paid by the Issuer to the applicable Currency Hedge Counterparty pursuant to the terms of such Currency Hedge Agreement, excluding any Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payment.
“Scheduled Periodic Hedge Counterparty Payment” means a Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Counterparty Payment or a Scheduled Periodic Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty Payment.
“Scheduled Periodic Hedge Issuer Payment” means a Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Issuer Payment or a Scheduled Periodic Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Payment.
“Scheduled Periodic Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty Payment” means, with respect to any Interest Rate Hedge Agreement, all amounts scheduled to be paid by the Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer pursuant to the terms of such Interest Rate Hedge Agreement, excluding any Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Termination Payment.
“Scheduled Periodic Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Payment” means, with respect to any Interest Rate Hedge Agreement, all amounts scheduled to be paid by the Issuer to the applicable Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty pursuant to the terms of such Hedge Agreement, excluding any Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Termination Payment.
“Scheduled Principal Proceeds” means:
in the case of any Collateral Obligation (other than Non-Euro Obligations with a related Currency Hedge Transaction), scheduled principal repayments received by the Issuer (including scheduled amortisation, instalment or sinking fund payments);
in the case of any Non-Euro Obligation with a related Currency Hedge Transaction, scheduled final and interim payments in the nature of principal payable to the Issuer by the applicable Currency Hedge Counterparty under the related Currency Hedge Transaction; and
in the case of any Hedge Agreements, any Hedge Replacement Receipts and Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments transferred from the Hedge Termination Account into the Principal Account and any amounts transferred from a Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account to the Principal Account in accordance with Condition 3(l)(v) (Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts).
“Second Lien Loan” means a Collateral Obligation that is a loan obligation or a Participation therein (other than a Secured Senior Loan) with a junior contractual claim on tangible or intangible property (which property is subject to a prior lien (other than customary permitted liens, such as, but not limited to, any tax liens)) to secure payment of a debt or the fulfilment of a contractual obligation, as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable commercial judgment.
“Secured Obligations” has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed.
“Secured Party” means each of the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders, the Subordinated Noteholders, the Reinvesting Noteholders (if any), the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, the Trustee, any Appointee of the Trustee under the Trust Deed, the Agents, the account bank for the time being holding the Issuer Profit Account, each Hedge Counterparty and the Corporate Services Provider and “Secured Parties” means any two or more of them as the context so requires.
“Secured Senior Bond” means a Collateral Obligation that is a senior secured debt security in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note, certificated debt security or other debt security (that is not a Secured Senior Loan) as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable business judgment or a Participation therein, provided that:
it is secured (i) by assets of the Obligor thereof if and to the extent that the provision of security over assets is permissible under applicable law (save in the case of assets where the failure to take such security is consistent with reasonable secured lending practices), and otherwise (ii) by at least 80 per cent. of the equity interests in the shares of an entity owning, either directly or indirectly, such assets; and
no other obligation of the Obligor has any higher priority security interest in such assets or shares referred to in (a) above provided that any hedging obligations, trade claims, cash management obligations, capitalized leases and/or revolving loan of the Obligor that, pursuant to its terms, may require one or more future advances to be made to the borrower may have a higher priority security interest in such assets or shares in the event of an enforcement in respect of such loan, provided further that, in respect of such revolving loans and solely for the purposes of calculating the S&P Recovery Rate, such higher priority security asset may only represent up to 15 per cent. of the Obligor’s senior debt.
“Secured Senior Loan” means a Collateral Obligation (which may be a Revolving Obligation or a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation) that is a senior secured loan obligation as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable business judgment or a Participation therein, provided that:
it is secured (i) by assets of the Obligor thereof if and to the extent that the provision of security over assets is permissible under applicable law (save in the case of assets where the failure to take such security is consistent with reasonable secured lending practices), and otherwise (ii) by at least 80 per cent. of the equity interests in the shares of an entity owning, either directly or indirectly, such assets; and
no other obligation of the Obligor has any higher priority security interest in such assets or shares referred to in (a) above provided that any hedging obligations, trade claims, cash management obligations, capitalized leases and/or revolving loan of the Obligor that, pursuant to its terms, may require one or more future advances to be made to the borrower may have a higher priority security interest in such assets or shares in the event of an enforcement in respect of such loan, provided further that, in respect of such revolving loans and solely for the purposes of calculating the S&P Recovery Rate, such higher priority security asset may only represent up to 15 per cent. of the Obligor’s senior debt.
“Secured Senior Obligation” means a Secured Senior Bond or a Secured Senior Loan. “Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
“Securitisation Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/2402 laying down a framework for securitisation and creating a specific framework for simple, transparent and standardised securitisation, as amended, varied or substituted from time to time including any implementing regulation, technical standards and official guidance related thereto, including the Irish STS Regulations, in each case as amended, varied or substituted from time to time.
“Selling Institution” means an institution from whom (i) a Participation is taken and satisfies the applicable Rating Requirement or (ii) an Assignment is acquired.
“Semi-Annual Obligation” means a Collateral Obligation (other than a PIK Obligation) which, in accordance with its terms, at the relevant date of measurement, pays interest less frequently than quarterly.
“Senior Expenses Cap” means, in respect of each Payment Date, the sum of:
€300,000 per annum (pro-rated for the Due Period on the basis of a 360 day year comprised of twelve 30-day months); and
0.025 per cent. per annum (pro-rated for the Due Period on the basis of a 360 day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such Due Period) of the Collateral Principal Amount as at the Determination Date immediately preceding the Payment Date,
provided however that if the amount of Trustee Fees and Expenses and Administrative Expenses paid on each of the three immediately preceding Payment Dates or, if a Frequency Switch Event has occurred, the immediately preceding Payment Date and in either case, during the related Due Period(s) (including the Due Period relating to the current Payment Date) is less than the stated Senior Expenses Cap, the amount of each such excess (if any) may be added to the Senior Expenses Cap with respect to the then current Payment Date (for the avoidance of doubt, any such excess (if any) may not at any time result in an increase of the Senior Expenses Cap on a per annum basis).
For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Senior Expenses Cap in respect of the Payment Date immediately following a Partial Redemption Date which occurred during the Due Period related to such Payment Date shall be reduced (subject to a minimum value of zero) by the amount distributed as Trustee Fees and Expenses and Administrative Expenses on such Partial Redemption Date pursuant to Condition 3(c)(iii) (Application of Refinancing Proceeds, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds and Designated Excess Par) and (ii) the Senior Expenses Cap in respect of the Payment Date immediately following a Regulatory Refinancing Date that is not otherwise a Payment Date shall be reduced (subject to a minimum value of zero) by the amount distributed on such Regulatory Refinancing Date pursuant to Condition 3(c)(iv)(A) and 3(c)(iv)(C) (Application of Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds).
“Senior Management Fee” means the fee payable to the Collateral Manager in arrear on each Payment Date in respect of each Due Period pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement in an amount (exclusive of any VAT payable in relation thereto), as determined by the Collateral Administrator, equal to 0.20 per cent. per annum (calculated semi-annually in respect of each semi-annual Due Period following the occurrence
of a Frequency Switch Event and quarterly at all other times and, in each case, on the basis of a 360 day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such Due Period) of the Fee Basis Amount as determined by the Collateral Administrator.
“Senior Obligation” means a Collateral Obligation that is a Secured Senior Obligation, an Unsecured Senior Obligation or a Second Lien Loan.
“Similar Law” means any federal, state, local non-U.S. or other law or regulation that could cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of the investor in any Note (or any interest therein) by virtue of its interest and thereby subject the Issuer or the Collateral Manager (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer’s assets) to Other Plan Law.
“Sole Arranger” means Barclays Bank PLC.
“Special Redemption” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d) (Special Redemption). “Special Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d) (Special Redemption). “Special Redemption Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7(d) (Special Redemption).
“Specified Percentage” means the percentage designated by the Collateral Manager, which percentage shall not exceed such amount necessary or advisable in order for the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder and/or any “sponsor” or “originator” (or analogous party) of the Issuer (in each case, as applicable) to comply with the U.S. Retention Regulations (if applicable) and/or the EU Retention Requirements (in each case as determined by the Collateral Manager in consultation with counsel). For the avoidance of doubt, such percentage shall account for adjustments necessary, as determined by the Collateral Manager, in consultation with the Issuer and based on considerations of applicable law and the policies and procedures of the relevant Clearing Systems.
“Spot Rate” means, with respect to any conversion of any currency into Euro or, as the case may be, of Euro into any other relevant currency, the relevant spot rate of exchange quoted by the Collateral Administrator in consultation with the Collateral Manager on the date of calculation.
“Standard of Care” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(e) (Reinvestment Amounts).
“Step-Up Coupon Security” means a security: (i) which does not pay interest over a specified period of time ending prior to its maturity, but which does provide for the payment of interest after the expiration of such specified period; or (ii) the interest rate of which increases over a specified period of time other than due to the increase of the floating rate index applicable to such security, the change from a non-default rate of interest to a default rate, or a deterioration in the Obligor’s financial condition provided that a security providing for payment of a constant rate of interest at all times after the date of the binding commitment to purchase of such security by the Issuer shall not constitute a Step-Up Coupon Security.
“Subordinated Noteholders” means the holders of any Subordinated Notes from time to time. “Subordinated Notes” have the meaning ascribed to them in the first paragraph of these Conditions.
“Subordinated Notes Initial Offer Price Percentage” means 100.00 per cent. of the original principal amount of the Subordinated Notes.
“Subordinated Notes Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price” means an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Subordinated Note being redeemed multiplied by the price of the Subordinated Notes, as determined by the Collateral Manager based upon the valuation provided by a recognised pricing service chosen by the Collateral Manager in consultation with the Subordinated Noteholders holding a majority of the Subordinated Notes then Outstanding.
“Subordinated Obligation” means a debt obligation that by its terms and conditions is subordinated to all non-subordinated debt obligations of the relevant Obligor.
“Substitute Collateral Obligation” means a Collateral Obligation purchased in substitution for a previously held Collateral Obligation (whether purchased with Sale Proceeds or other Principal Proceeds in respect of such previously held Collateral Obligation) pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and which satisfies both the Eligibility Criteria and the Reinvestment Criteria.
“Supplemental Reserve Account” means an account in the name of the Issuer, so entitled and held with the Account Bank.
“Supplemental Reserve Amount” means, with respect to any Payment Date, the amount of Interest Proceeds deposited to the Supplemental Reserve Account on such Payment Date in accordance with paragraph (BB) of the Interest Priority of Payments, at the sole discretion of the Collateral Manager, which amounts shall not exceed
€3,500,000 in the aggregate for any Payment Date or an aggregate amount standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account of €10,500,000.
“Swap Curve Rate” means, as at the pricing date with respect to any Refinancing Obligation in connection with the applicable Refinancing, the interest rate swap rate determined as of such measurement date with equivalent frequency and tenor to the interest rate applicable to the relevant Class of Fixed Rate Notes being refinanced as determined by the Collateral Manager in consultation with any applicable placement agent or initial purchaser.
“Swapped Non-Discount Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation that would otherwise be considered a Discount Obligation, but that is purchased with the Sale Proceeds of a Collateral Obligation (the “Original Obligation”) that was not a Discount Obligation at the time of its purchase (including by reason of application of the criteria set out in this definition), and will not be considered a Discount Obligation so long as such purchased Collateral Obligation:
is purchased or committed to be purchased within 20 Business Days of such sale of the Original Obligation;
is purchased at a price (as a percentage of par) equal to or greater than the sale price of the Original Obligation;
is purchased at a price not less than 50 per cent. of par; and
the Moody’s Rating or S&P Rating thereof is equal to or higher than the Moody’s Rating or S&P Rating, as applicable, of the Original Obligation,
provided, however that:
(i) to the extent the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Swapped Non-Discount Obligations held by the Issuer as at the relevant date of determination exceeds 10.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount, such excess will not constitute Swapped Non-Discount Obligations;
(ii) to the extent the cumulative Aggregate Principal Balance of all Swapped Non-Discount Obligations acquired by the Issuer on or after the Issue Date exceeds 15.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount, such excess will not constitute Swapped Non-Discount Obligations;
(iii) in the case of any Floating Rate Collateral Obligation, such Collateral Obligation will cease to be a Swapped Non-Discount Obligation at such time as the Market Value of such Collateral Obligation, as determined for any period of 20 consecutive Business Days since the acquisition by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf of such Collateral Obligation, equals or exceeds 90 per cent. of par; and
(iv) in the case of any Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, such Collateral Obligation will cease to be a Swapped Non-Discount Obligation at such time as the Market Value of such Collateral Obligation, as determined for any period of 20 consecutive Business Days since the acquisition by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf of such Collateral Obligation, equals or exceeds 85 per cent. of par.
“Target Par Amount” means €300,000,000.
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer system (or, if such system ceases to be operative, such other system (if any) determined by the Trustee to be a suitable replacement).
“Third Party Indemnity Receipts” has the meaning given thereto in Condition 3(l)(x) (Expense Reserve Account).
“Trading Gains” means, in respect of any Collateral Obligation which is repaid, prepaid, redeemed or sold, any excess of (a) the Principal Proceeds or Sale Proceeds received in respect thereof over (b) the greater of (i) the Principal Balance thereof and (ii) the product of the purchase price paid by or on behalf of the Issuer for such Collateral Obligation and the Principal Balance thereof, in each case net of (i) any expenses incurred in connection with any repayment, prepayment, redemption or sale thereof, and (ii) in the case of a sale of such Collateral Obligation, any interest accrued but not paid thereon which has not been capitalised as principal and included in the sale price thereof.
“Transaction Documents” means the Trust Deed (including the Notes and these Conditions), the Agency Agreement, the Subscription Agreement, the Retention Note Purchase Agreement, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, each Hedge Agreement, the Reporting Agreement, each Collateral Acquisition Agreement, the Participation Agreements, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Retention Undertaking Letter, Warehouse Termination Agreement and any document supplemental to any of the foregoing or issued in connection therewith or any other document designated as a “Transaction Document” by the Issuer, the Trustee and the Collateral Manager.
“Trustee Fees and Expenses” means the fees, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees) and all other amounts payable to the Trustee (or any Receiver, agent, delegate or other Appointee of the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed) pursuant to the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document from time to time plus any applicable VAT thereon (or in the case of any costs incurred in respect of such expenses, only irrecoverable VAT therein) payable under the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document, including reimbursements, indemnity payments (in each case to the extent provided for therein) and, in respect of any Refinancing, any fees, costs, charges and expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees) properly incurred by the Trustee.
“Underlying Instrument” means the agreements or instruments pursuant to which a Collateral Obligation has been issued or created and each other agreement that governs the terms of, or secures the obligations represented by, such Collateral Obligation or under which the holders or creditors under such Collateral Obligation are the beneficiaries.
“Unfunded Amount” means, with respect to any Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, the excess, if any, of (i) the Commitment Amount under such Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, as the case may be, at such time over (ii) the Funded Amount thereof at such time.
“Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account” means the account of the Issuer established and maintained with the Account Bank pursuant to the Agency Agreement, amounts standing to the credit of which, subject to certain conditions, may be used to fund in full the amount of any unfunded commitments or unfunded liabilities from time to time, in relation to Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations and Revolving Obligations.
“Unhedged Collateral Obligation” means a Non-Euro Obligation which, at the time of determination, is not a Currency Hedge Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation.
“Unscheduled Payment Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(n) (Unscheduled Payment Dates). “Unscheduled Principal Proceeds” means:
with respect to any Collateral Obligation (other than a Currency Hedge Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation), principal proceeds (in the case of any Unhedged Collateral Obligations converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate) received by the Issuer prior to the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity thereof as a result of optional redemptions, prepayments (including any acceleration) or Offers (excluding any premiums or make whole amounts in excess of the principal amount of such Collateral Obligation);
with respect to any Currency Hedge Obligation, the Currency Hedge Counterparty Principal Exchange Amount payable in respect of the amounts referred to in (a) above pursuant to the related Currency Hedge Transaction, together with any related Currency Hedge Termination Receipts but less any related Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payment (to the extent any are payable and in each case determined without regard to the exclusions of unpaid amounts and Currency Hedge Counterparty Principal Exchange Amounts or (as applicable) Currency Hedge Issuer Principal Exchange Amounts set forth in the definitions thereof) and only to the extent not required for application towards the cost of entry into a Replacement Hedge Transaction; and
with respect to any Principal Hedged Obligation, the FX Forward Counterparty Principal Exchange Amount payable in respect of the amounts referred to in (a) above pursuant to the related FX Forward Transaction, together with:
(i) any related FX Forward Termination Receipts but less any related FX Forward Issuer Termination Payment (to the extent any are payable and in each case determined without regard to the exclusions of unpaid amounts and FX Forward Counterparty Principal Exchange Amounts or (as applicable) FX Forward Issuer Principal Exchange Amounts set forth in the definitions thereof) and only to the extent not required for application towards the cost of entry into a replacement FX Forward Transaction; and
(ii) any related Hedge Replacement Receipts but only to the extent not required for application towards any related FX Forward Issuer Termination Payments.
“Unsecured Senior Bond” means a Collateral Obligation that:
is a debt security in the form of or represented by a bond, note, certificated security or other security, in each case senior to any Subordinated Obligation of the Obligor as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable business judgment; and
is not secured (i) by fixed assets of the Obligor or guarantor thereof if and to the extent that the granting of security over such assets is permissible under applicable law or (ii) by at least 80 per cent. of the equity interests in the stock of an entity owning such fixed assets.
“Unsecured Senior Loan” means a Collateral Obligation that:
is a loan obligation senior to any Subordinated Obligation of the Obligor as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable business judgment; and
is not secured (i) by fixed assets of the Obligor or guarantor thereof if and to the extent that the granting of security over such assets is permissible under applicable law or (ii) by at least 80 per cent. of the equity interests in the stock of an entity owning such fixed assets.
“Unsecured Senior Obligation” means an Unsecured Senior Loan or an Unsecured Senior Bond.
“Unused Proceeds Account” means an account in the name of the Issuer with the Account Bank into which the Issuer will procure amounts are deposited in accordance with Condition 3(l)(iii) (Unused Proceeds Account).
“U.S. Person” means a U.S. person as such term is defined under Regulation S.
“U.S. Retention Regulations” means any New Risk Retention Rule and the U.S. Risk Retention Rules.
“U.S. Risk Retention Rules” means the final rules implementing the credit risk retention requirements of Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Act, as amended from time to time.
“VAT” means:
any tax, interest or penalties imposed in compliance with the European Council Directive of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax (EC Directive 2006/112) and supplemental
legislation and regulations and, in relation to the United Kingdom, value added tax imposed by the Value Added Tax Act 1994 and supplemental legislation and regulations);
any other tax of a similar nature, whether imposed in a member state of the European Union or elsewhere in substitution for, or levied in addition to, such tax referred to in paragraph (a) above, or elsewhere; and
interest or penalties in connection to taxes referred to in paragraph (a) and (b) above.
“Warehouse Arrangements” means the warehouse financing and related arrangements entered into by the Issuer prior to the Issue Date to, inter alia, finance the acquisition of Collateral Obligations prior to the Issue Date.
“Warehouse Termination Agreement” means the termination agreement dated on or about the Issue Date relating to the termination of the Warehouse Arrangements.
“Weighted Average Life Test” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Weighted Average Spread” has the meaning given to it in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
“Written Resolution” means any Resolution of the Noteholders in writing, as described in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) and as further described in, and as defined in, the Trust Deed.
“Zero Coupon Security” means a security (other than a Step-Up Coupon Security) that, at the time of determination, does not provide for periodic payments of interest.
2. Form and Denomination, Title, Transfer and Exchange
(a) Form and Denomination
The Notes of each Class will be issued in (i) global, certificated, fully registered form, without interest coupons, talons and principal receipts attached or (ii) definitive, certificated, fully registered form, without interest coupons, talons and principal receipts attached, in the applicable Minimum Denomination and integral multiples of any Authorised Integral Amount in excess thereof. A Global Certificate or Definitive Certificate (as applicable) will be issued to each Noteholder in respect of its registered holding of Notes. Each Definitive Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be recorded in the Register which the Issuer shall procure to be kept by the Registrar.
(b) Title to the Registered Notes
Title to the Notes passes upon registration of transfers in the Register in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed. Notes will be transferable only on the books of the Issuer and its agents. The registered holder of any Note will (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on it, or its theft or loss) and no person will be liable for so treating the holder. The Issuer shall procure that at all times the Register is kept and maintained outside the UK and that no entire copy of the Register is created, kept or maintained in the United Kingdom.
(c) Transfer
In respect of Notes represented by a Definitive Certificate, one or more Notes may be transferred in whole or in part in nominal amounts of the applicable Authorised Denomination only upon the surrender, at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, of the Definitive Certificate representing such Note(s) to be transferred, with the form of transfer endorsed on such Definitive Certificate duly completed and executed and together with such other evidence as the Registrar or Transfer Agent may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Notes represented by one Definitive Certificate, a new Definitive Certificate will be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Definitive Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred
will be issued to the transferor. Interests in a Global Certificate will be transferable in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of the relevant Clearing System.
(d) Delivery of New Certificates
Each new Definitive Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2(c) (Transfer) will be available for delivery within five Business Days of receipt of such form of transfer or of surrender of an existing certificate upon partial redemption. Delivery of new Definitive Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar, as the case may be, to whom delivery or surrender shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the form of transfer or otherwise in writing, shall be sent by courier, at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Definitive Certificate, to such address as may be so specified. In this Condition 2(d) (Delivery of New Certificates), “Business Day” means a day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified offices of the Transfer Agent and the Registrar.
(e) Transfer Free of Charge
Transfer of Notes and Global Certificates or Definitive Certificates (as applicable) representing such Notes in accordance with these Conditions on registration or transfer will be effected without charge to the Noteholders by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the Registrar or the Transfer Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to it.
(f) Closed Periods
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Note to be registered (i) during the period of 15 calendar days ending on the due date for redemption (in full) of that Note or (ii) during the period of seven calendar days ending on (and including) any Record Date.
(g) Regulations Concerning Transfer and Registration
All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning the transfer of Notes scheduled to the Trust Deed, including without limitation, that a transfer of Notes in breach of certain of such regulations will result in such transfer being void ab initio. Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, the regulations may be changed by the Issuer in any manner which is reasonably required by the Issuer (after consultation with the Trustee) to reflect changes in legal or regulatory requirements or in any other manner which, in the opinion of the Issuer (after consultation with the Trustee and subject to not less than 60 days’ notice of any such change having been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)), is not prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Class of Notes. A copy of the current regulations may be inspected at the offices of the Transfer Agent during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for the term of the Notes and will be sent by the Registrar to any Noteholder who so requests.
(h) Forced Transfer of Rule 144A Notes
If the Issuer determines at any time that a holder of Rule 144A Notes is a U.S. Person and is not both a QIB and a QP (any such person, a “Non-Permitted Noteholder”), the Issuer shall promptly after determination that such person is a Non-Permitted Noteholder by the Issuer, send notice to such Non-Permitted Noteholder demanding that such holder transfer its Notes outside of the United States to a non-U.S. Person in an “offshore transaction” in accordance with Regulation S or within the United States to a U.S. Person that is a QIB/QP within 30 days of the date of such notice. If such holder fails to effect the transfer of its Rule 144A Notes within such period, (a) the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and at the expense of the Issuer shall cause such Rule 144A Notes to be transferred in a commercially reasonable sale to a person or entity that certifies to the Issuer, in connection with such transfer, that such person or entity either is not a U.S. Person or is a QIB/QP and is not a Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder; and (b) pending such transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of such Rule 144A Notes. The Issuer may select the purchaser by soliciting one or more bids from one or more
brokers or other market professionals that regularly deal in securities similar to the Rule 144A Notes and selling such Rule 144A Notes to the highest such bidder. However, the Issuer may select a purchaser by any other means determined by it in its sole discretion. The proceeds of such sale, net of any commissions, expenses and taxes due in connection with such sale shall be remitted to the selling Noteholder. The terms and conditions of any sale hereunder shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the transfer restrictions set out herein, and none of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar shall be liable to any person having an interest in the Notes sold as a result of any such sale or the exercise of such discretion. The Issuer reserves the right to require any holder of Notes to submit a written certification substantiating that it is a QIB/QP or a non-U.S. Person. If such holder fails to submit any such requested written certification on a timely basis, the Issuer has the right to assume that the holder of the Notes from whom such a certification is requested is not a QIB/QP or a non-U.S. Person. Furthermore, the Issuer reserves the right to refuse to honour a transfer of beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Note to any Person who is not either a non-U.S. Person or a U.S. Person that is a QIB/QP.
(i) Forced Transfer pursuant to ERISA
If any Noteholder is determined by the Issuer to be a Noteholder who has made or is deemed to have made a prohibited transaction (under ERISA or the Code), Benefit Plan Investor, Controlling Person, Other Plan Law or Similar Law representation that is subsequently shown to be false or misleading, or whose beneficial ownership otherwise causes a violation of the 25 per cent. limitation set out in the Plan Asset Regulation (any such Noteholder a “Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder”), the Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder shall, following receipt of notice to such Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder from the Issuer demanding that such Noteholder transfer its interest to a person that is not a Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder, within 10 days of the date of such notice, be required by the Issuer to sell or otherwise transfer its Notes to an eligible purchaser (selected by the Issuer) at a price to be agreed between the Issuer (exercising its sole discretion) and such eligible purchaser at the time of sale, subject to the transfer restrictions set out in the Trust Deed. The Issuer shall be entitled to deduct from the sale or transfer price an amount equal to all the expenses and costs incurred and any loss suffered by the Issuer as a result of such forced transfer. The Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder will receive the balance, if any.
(j) Forced Transfer pursuant to FATCA
Each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 2(j) (Forced Transfer pursuant to FATCA), may include a nominee or beneficial owner of a Note) will agree to provide the Issuer and its agents with any correct, complete and accurate information or documentation that is requested in connection with FATCA or the CRS or may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA and the CRS and to prevent the imposition of tax under FATCA on payments to or for the benefit of the Issuer. In the event the Noteholder fails to provide such information or documentation for the purposes of FATCA, or to the extent that its ownership of the Notes would otherwise cause the Issuer to fail to comply with FATCA,
(A) the Issuer and its agents are authorised to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the Noteholder as compensation for any taxes to which the Issuer is subject under FATCA as a result of such failure or the Noteholder’s ownership of Notes, and (B) in the case of any Noteholder other than the Retention Holder with respect to the Retention Notes, to the extent necessary to avoid an adverse effect on the Issuer as a result of such failure or the Noteholder’s ownership of Notes, the Issuer will have the right to compel the Noteholder to sell its Notes, and, if the Noteholder does not sell its Notes within 10 Business Days after notice from the Issuer or any agent of the Issuer, the Issuer will have the right to sell such Notes at a public or private sale called and conducted in any manner permitted by law, and to remit the net proceeds of such sale (taking into account any costs, charges, and any taxes incurred by the Issuer in connection with such sale) to the Noteholder as payment in full for such Notes. The Issuer may also assign each such Note a separate securities identifier in the Issuer’s sole discretion. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have the right to sell a beneficial owner’s interest in a Note in its entirety notwithstanding that the sale of a portion of such an interest would permit the Issuer to comply with FATCA.
(k) Forced Transfer mechanics
In order to effect the forced transfer provisions set out in Conditions 2(h) (Forced Transfer of Rule 144A Notes), 2(i) (Forced Transfer pursuant to ERISA) and 2(j) (Forced Transfer pursuant to FATCA), the
Issuer may repay any affected Notes and issue replacement Notes and the Issuer and the Agents (each at the expense of the Issuer) shall work with the Clearing Systems to take such action as may be necessary to effect such repayment and issue of replacement Notes.
Each Noteholder and each other Person in the chain of title from the Noteholder, by its acceptance of an interest in such Notes, authorises the Agents and the Clearing Systems to take such action as may be necessary to effect the forced transfer provisions set out in Conditions 2(h) (Forced Transfer of Rule 144A Notes), 2(i) (Forced Transfer pursuant to ERISA) and 2(j) (Forced Transfer pursuant to FATCA), without the need for further express instruction from any affected Noteholder. Each Noteholder and each other Person in the chain of title from the Noteholder, by its acceptance of an interest in such Notes, agrees that it shall be bound by any such action taken by the Issuer, the Agents and the Clearing Systems. None of the Issuer, the Trustee and the Registrar shall be liable to any Noteholder having an interest in the Notes sold or otherwise transferred as a result of any such sale or transfer.
(l) Registrar authorisation
Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of an interest in such Notes, hereby authorises the Registrar and the Clearing Systems to take such actions as are necessary in order to effect the forced transfer provisions set out in Conditions 2(h) (Forced Transfer of Rule 144A Notes), 2(i) (Forced Transfer pursuant to ERISA) and 2(j) (Forced Transfer pursuant to FATCA) above without the need for any further express instruction from any affected Noteholder. The Noteholders shall be bound by any actions taken by the Registrar, the Clearing Systems or any other party taken pursuant to the above-named Conditions.
(m) Exchange of Voting/Non-Voting Notes
Each of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes may be in the form of a CM Voting Note, a CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Note or a CM Non-Voting Note.
CM Voting Notes shall carry a right to vote in respect of, and be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on, any CM Replacement Resolution and any CM Removal Resolution and shall carry a right to vote on and be counted in respect of all other matters in respect of which the Notes have a right to vote and be counted. CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes and CM Non-Voting Notes shall not carry any rights in respect of, or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting on, any CM Removal Resolution or any CM Replacement Resolution but shall carry a right to vote on and be counted in respect of all other matters in respect of which the CM Voting Notes have a right to vote and be counted.
CM Voting Notes shall be exchangeable at any time upon request by the relevant Noteholder into CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes or CM Non-Voting Notes. CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes shall be exchangeable (a) upon request by the relevant Noteholder at any time into CM Non-Voting Notes or
(b) into CM Voting Notes only in connection with the transfer of such Notes to an entity that is not an Affiliate of the transferor upon request of the relevant transferee or transferor and in no other circumstance. CM Non-Voting Notes shall not be exchangeable at any time into CM Voting Notes or CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes.
Any such right to exchange a Note, as described and subject to the limitations set out in the immediately prior paragraph, may be exercised by a Noteholder holding a Definitive Certificate or a beneficial interest in a Global Certificate delivering to the Registrar or a Transfer Agent a duly completed exchange request substantially in the form provided in the Trust Deed.
The Class Z Notes shall not carry any rights in respect of, or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting in respect of, any CM Removal Resolution or any CM Replacement Resolution.
3. Status

(a) Status
The Notes of each Class constitute direct, general, secured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer, recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described in Condition 4(c) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition). The Notes of each Class are secured in the manner described in Condition 4(a) (Security) and, within each Class, shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference amongst themselves.
(b) Relationship Among the Classes
The Notes of each Class are constituted by the Trust Deed and are secured on the Collateral as further described in the Trust Deed. Payments of interest on the Class A Notes will rank senior to payments of interest on each Payment Date in respect of each other Class; payment of interest on the Class B Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to payments of interest in respect of the Class A Notes, but senior in right of payment to payments of interest in respect of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; payment of interest on the Class C Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to payments of interest in respect of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, but senior in right of payment to payments of interest on the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; payment of interest on the Class D Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to payments of interest in respect of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes, but senior in right of payment to payments of interest on the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; payment of interest on the Class E Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to payments of interest in respect of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes, but senior in right of payment to payments of interest on the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; payment of interest on the Class F Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to payments of interest on the Rated Notes (other than the Class F Notes) but senior in right of payment to payments of interest in respect of the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes; payment of interest on the Class Z Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to payments of interest on the Rated Notes but senior in right of payment to payments of interest in respect of the Subordinated Notes; and payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to payment of interest in respect of the Rated Notes and the Class Z Notes. Payments of interest on the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes will rank pari passu and pro rata (by reference to the applicable Interest Amounts payable) in right of payment. Interest on the Subordinated Notes shall be paid pari passu and without any preference amongst themselves.
No amount of principal in respect of the Class B Notes shall become due and payable until redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes. No amount of principal in respect of the Class C Notes shall become due and payable until redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes. No amount of principal in respect of the Class D Notes shall become due and payable until redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes. No amount of principal in respect of the Class E Notes shall become due and payable until redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes. No amount of principal in respect of the Class F Notes shall become due and payable until redemption and payment in full of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes. Subject to the applicability of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, the Subordinated Notes will be entitled to receive, out of Principal Proceeds, the amounts described under the Principal Priority of Payments on a pari passu basis. Payments on the Subordinated Notes are subordinated to payments on the Rated Notes, the Class Z Notes and other amounts described in the Priorities of Payment and no payments out of Principal Proceeds will be made on the Subordinated Notes until the Rated Notes and the Class Z Notes and other payments ranking prior to the Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Priorities of Payment are paid in full.
Payments of principal on the Class Z Notes shall be made by application of the Class Z Noteholder Amount on an available funds basis subject to and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
(c) Priorities of Payment
The Collateral Administrator shall (on the basis of the Payment Date Report prepared by the Collateral Administrator in consultation with the Collateral Manager pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement on each Determination Date), on behalf of the Issuer (i) on each Payment Date (A) prior to the acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration); (B) following acceleration of the Notes which has subsequently been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Curing of Default); and (C) other than in connection with an optional redemption in whole under Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) (in which event the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments shall apply), instruct the Account Bank to disburse Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds transferred to the Payment Account, and (ii) on any Partial Redemption Date that is not a Payment Date, instruct the Account Bank to disburse Refinancing Proceeds, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds and any Designated Excess Par transferred to the Payment Account, in each case, in accordance with the following Priorities of Payment:
(i) Application of Interest Proceeds
Subject as further provided below, Interest Proceeds in respect of a Due Period (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds or Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds previously distributed on a Partial Redemption Date or Regulatory Refinancing Date (as applicable) during such Due Period) shall be paid on the Payment Date immediately following such Due Period in the following order of priority:
(A) to the payment of (i) firstly taxes owing by the Issuer accrued in respect of the related, or any earlier, Due Period (other than any Irish corporate income tax payable in relation to the Issuer Profit Amount to be retained by the Issuer for Irish tax purposes referred to in (ii) below) as certified by an Authorised Officer of the Issuer to the Collateral Administrator, if any, (save for any VAT payable in respect of any Collateral Management Fee or any tax payable in relation to any amount payable to the Secured Parties or to any other party in accordance with the Priorities of Payment and which arises as a result of the payment of that amount to the relevant Secured Party or other party); and (ii) secondly amounts equal to the Issuer Profit Amount to be retained by the Issuer for Irish tax purposes, for deposit into the Issuer Profit Account from time to time;
(B) to the payment of accrued and unpaid Trustee Fees and Expenses, up to an amount equal to the Senior Expenses Cap in respect of the related Due Period;
(C) to the payment of Administrative Expenses in the priority stated in the definition thereof, up to an amount equal to the Senior Expenses Cap in respect of the related Due Period less any amounts paid pursuant to paragraph (B) above;
(D) to the Expense Reserve Account, at the discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf), up to an amount equal to the Senior Expenses Cap in respect of the related Due Period less (i) any amounts paid pursuant to paragraph (B) and (C) above and (ii) any amounts paid out of the Expense Reserve Account in respect of the related Due Period;
(E) to the payment:
(1) firstly, to the Collateral Manager of the Senior Management Fee due and payable on such Payment Date and any VAT in respect thereof (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority) (save for any Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts) except that the Collateral Manager may, in its sole discretion, elect to (x) irrevocably waive, (y) designate for reinvestment in Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans or the purchase of Rated Notes or (z) defer payment of some or all of the amounts that would have been payable to the Collateral Manager under this paragraph (E) (any such amounts pursuant to (y) or (z) being “Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts”) on any Payment Date, provided that any such amount in the case of (y) shall
(i) be used to purchase Substitute Collateral Obligations or to purchase Rated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Purchase), or (ii) be deposited in the Principal Account pending reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans or purchase of Rated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Purchase), or, in the case of
(x) or (z), shall be applied to the payment of amounts in accordance with paragraphs (F) through (W) and (Y) through (DD) (inclusive) below, subject in each case to the Collateral Manager having notified the Collateral Administrator in writing not later than 12:00 noon (London time) on the first Business Day prior to the relevant Payment Date of any amounts to be so applied; and
(2) secondly, to the Collateral Manager, any previously due and unpaid Senior Management Fees (other than the Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts) and any VAT in respect thereof (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority);
(F) firstly, to the payment, on a pro rata and pari passu basis, of (i) any Scheduled Periodic Hedge Issuer Payments (to the extent not paid out of the Currency Account or the Interest Account),
(ii) any Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payments (to the extent not paid out of the Currency Account, any relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts or the Hedge Termination Account and other than Defaulted Currency Hedge Termination Payments), and (iii) any Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Termination Payments (to the extent not paid out of the Interest Account, any relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts or the Hedge Termination Account and other than Defaulted Interest Rate Hedge Termination Payments);
(1) secondly, any FX Forward Issuer Termination Payments (to the extent not paid out of the Currency Account or the Hedge Termination Account and other than Defaulted FX Forward Termination Payments); and
(2) thirdly, on a pro rata basis, any Hedge Replacement Payments (to the extent not paid out of the Hedge Termination Account or the relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account);
(G) to the payment on a pro rata basis of the Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class A Notes in respect of the Accrual Period ending on such Payment Date and all other Interest Amounts due and payable on such Class A Notes;
(H) to the payment on a pro rata and pari passu basis of the Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes in respect of the Accrual Period ending on such Payment Date and all other Interest Amounts due and payable on such Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes;
(I) if either of the Class A/B Coverage Tests is not satisfied on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date or, in the case of the Class A/B Interest Coverage Test, on and after the Determination Date preceding the second Payment Date or any Determination Date thereafter, to the redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence to the extent necessary to cause each Class A/B Coverage Test to be satisfied if recalculated immediately following such redemption;
(J) to the payment on a pro rata basis of the Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class C Notes in respect of the Accrual Period ending on such Payment Date (excluding any Deferred Interest but including interest on Deferred Interest in respect of the relevant Accrual Period);
(K) to the payment on a pro rata basis of any Deferred Interest on the Class C Notes which is due and payable pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest);
(L) if either of the Class C Coverage Tests is not satisfied on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date or, in the case of the Class C Interest Coverage Test, on and after the Determination Date preceding the second Payment Date or any Determination Date thereafter, to the redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence to the extent
necessary to cause each Class C Coverage Test to be met if recalculated immediately following such redemption;
(M) to the payment on a pro rata basis of the Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class D Notes in respect of the Accrual Period ending on such Payment Date (excluding any Deferred Interest but including interest on Deferred Interest in respect of the relevant Accrual Period);
(N) to the payment on a pro rata basis of any Deferred Interest on the Class D Notes which is due and payable pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest);
(O) if either of the Class D Coverage Tests is not satisfied on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date or, in the case of the Class D Interest Coverage Test, on and after the Determination Date preceding the second Payment Date or any Determination Date thereafter, to the redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence to the extent necessary to cause each Class D Coverage Test to be met if recalculated immediately following such redemption;
(P) to the payment on a pro rata basis of the Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class E Notes in respect of the Accrual Period ending on such Payment Date (excluding any Deferred Interest but including interest on Deferred Interest in respect of the relevant Accrual Period);
(Q) to the payment on a pro rata basis of any Deferred Interest on the Class E Notes which is due and payable pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest);
(R) if the Class E Par Value Test is not satisfied on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date, to the redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence to the extent necessary to cause such Class E Par Value Test to be met if recalculated immediately following such redemption;
(S) to the payment on a pro rata basis of Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class F Notes in respect of the accrual period ending on such Payment Date (excluding any Deferred Interest but including interest on Deferred Interest in respect of the relevant Accrual Period);
(T) to the payment on a pro rata basis of any Deferred Interest on the Class F Notes which is due and payable pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest);
(U) if the Class F Par Value Test is not satisfied on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date, to the redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence to the extent necessary to cause such Class F Par Value Test to be met if recalculated immediately following such redemption;
(V) on the Payment Date following the Effective Date and each Payment Date thereafter to the extent required, in the event of the occurrence of an Effective Date Rating Event which is continuing on the Business Day prior to such Payment Date, either to (1) purchase additional Collateral Obligations, provided that such purchase shall occur on or prior to the Determination Date prior to the second Payment Date or (2) redeem the Notes in full in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence or, in either case, if earlier, until an Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing;
(W) during the Reinvestment Period only, if after giving effect to the payment of all amounts payable in respect of paragraphs (A) through (V) (inclusive) above, the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test has not been met, to the payment in an amount (such amount, the “Required Diversion Amount”) equal to the lesser of (1) 50.0 per cent. of all remaining Interest Proceeds available for payment and (2) the amount which, after giving effect to the payment of all amounts payable in respect of paragraphs (A) through (V) (inclusive) above, would be sufficient to cause the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test to be met, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer):
(1) into the Principal Account for the acquisition of additional Collateral Obligations; or
(2) to redeem the Rated Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence;
(X) to the payment:
(1) firstly, to the Class Z Noteholders on a pro rata basis of the Class Z Noteholder Amount as interest thereon until such Class Z Noteholder Amount has been paid in full except that any Class Z Noteholder may, in its sole discretion, elect to (x) irrevocably waive, (y) designate for reinvestment in Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans or the purchase of Rated Notes or (z) defer payment of, in each case some or all of the amounts that would have been payable to such Class Z Noteholder under this paragraph (X) (any such amounts pursuant to (y) or (z) being “Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts”) on any Payment Date, provided that any such amount in the case of (y) shall (i) be used to purchase Substitute Collateral Obligations or to purchase Rated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Purchase), or (ii) be deposited in the Principal Account pending reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans or purchase of Rated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Purchase), or, in the case of (x) or (z), shall be applied to the payment of amounts in accordance with paragraphs (Y) through (DD) (inclusive) below, subject to the relevant Class Z Noteholder or Class Z Noteholders having notified the Collateral Administrator in writing not later than 12:00 noon (London time) on the first Business Day prior to the relevant Payment Date of any amounts to be so applied;
(2) secondly, to the Class Z Noteholders on a pro rata basis of any previously due and unpaid Class Z Noteholder Amount (other than Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts) as interest thereon until such Class Z Noteholder Amount has been paid in full;
(3) thirdly, at the election of the Collateral Manager (in its sole discretion), to the Collateral Manager in payment of any previously Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts and any VAT in respect thereof (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority);
(4) fourthly, at the election of any Class Z Noteholder on a pro rata basis in payment of any previously Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts by such Class Z Noteholder until such Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts have been paid in full; and
(5) fifthly, to the repayment of any Collateral Manager Advances and any interest thereon;
(Y) to the payment of Trustee Fees and Expenses (if any) not paid by reason of the Senior Expenses Cap;
(Z) to the payment of Administrative Expenses (if any) not paid by reason of the Senior Expenses Cap, in relation to each item thereof in the order of priority stated in the definition thereof;
(AA) to the payment on a pari passu and pro rata basis of any Defaulted Currency Hedge Termination Payments due to any Currency Hedge Counterparty, any Defaulted Interest Rate Hedge Termination Payments due to any Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty or any Defaulted FX Forward Termination Payments due to any FX Forward Counterparty (in each case to the extent not paid out of the Hedge Termination Account or any relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account);
(BB) at the direction and in the discretion of the Collateral Manager, to transfer to the Supplemental Reserve Account any Supplemental Reserve Amount;
(CC) subject to the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold having been reached (after taking into account all prior distributions to Subordinated Noteholders and any distributions to be made to Subordinated Noteholders on such Payment Date, including pursuant to paragraph (DD) below and paragraph (U) of the Principal Priority of Payments and including for such purpose any such distributions designated as Reinvestment Amounts) (a) firstly, to the payment to the Collateral Manager of 20 per cent. of any remaining Interest Proceeds (after any payment required to be made to the Subordinated Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (DD)
below in order to satisfy the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold), in the payment of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee, provided however that the Collateral Manager may, in its sole discretion, elect to (x) irrevocably waive or (y) designate for reinvestment some or all of the amounts that would have been payable to the Collateral Manager under this paragraph (CC) on any Payment Date, provided that any such amount in the case of
(y) shall (i) be used to purchase Substitute Collateral Obligations or (ii) be deposited in the Principal Account pending reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations, or, in the case of (x), shall be applied to the payment of amounts in accordance with paragraph (DD) below, subject to the Collateral Manager having notified the Collateral Administrator in writing not later than 12:00 noon (London time) on the first Business Day prior to the relevant Payment Date of any amounts to be so applied; and (b) secondly to the payment of any VAT in respect of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee referred to in (a) above (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority); and
(DD) any remaining Interest Proceeds, to the payment of interest on the Subordinated Notes on a pro rata basis (determined upon redemption in full thereof by reference to the proportion that the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes held by Subordinated Noteholders bore to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such redemption), other than to the extent any Reinvesting Noteholder designates any Reinvestment Amount in respect of such Payment Date.
For the avoidance of doubt, any Collateral Management Fees or Class Z Noteholder Amounts (as applicable) which are deferred, waived or designated for reinvestment pursuant to any of the paragraphs above shall not be treated as unpaid for the purposes of paragraphs (E), (X) and (CC) (as applicable).
(ii) Application of Principal Proceeds
Principal Proceeds in respect of a Due Period shall be paid on the Payment Date immediately following such Due Period in the following order of priority:
(A) to the payment on a sequential basis of the amounts referred to in paragraphs (A) through (H) (inclusive) of the Interest Priority of Payments, but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder;
(B) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (I) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent necessary to cause the Class A/B Coverage Tests that are applicable on such Payment Date to be met as of the related Determination Date;
(C) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (J) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent that the Class C Notes are the Controlling Class;
(D) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (K) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent that the Class C Notes are the Controlling Class;
(E) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (L) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent necessary to cause the Class C Coverage Tests that are applicable on such Payment Date to be met as of the related Determination Date;
(F) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (M) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent that the Class D Notes are the Controlling Class;
(G) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (N) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent that the Class D Notes are the Controlling Class;
(H) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (O) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent necessary to cause the Class D Coverage Tests that are applicable on such Payment Date to be met as of the related Determination Date;
(I) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (P) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent that the Class E Notes are the Controlling Class;
(J) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (Q) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent that the Class E Notes are the Controlling Class;
(K) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (R) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent necessary to cause the Class E Par Value Test on such Payment Date to be met as of the related Determination Date;
(L) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (S) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent that the Class F Notes are the Controlling Class;
(M) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (T) of the Interest Priority of Payments, but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent that the Class F Notes are the Controlling Class;
(N) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (U) of the Interest Priority of Payments but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder and only to the extent necessary to cause the Class F Par Value Test on such Payment Date to be met as of the related Determination Date;
(O) to the payment of the amounts referred to in paragraph (V) of the Interest Priority of Payments, but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder;
(P) if such Payment Date is a Special Redemption Date, at the election of the Collateral Manager to make payments in an amount equal to the Special Redemption Amount (if any) applicable to such Payment Date in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence;
(Q) (1) during the Reinvestment Period, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, either to the purchase of Substitute Collateral Obligations or to the Principal Account pending reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations at a later date in each case in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement;
(2) after the Reinvestment Period in the case of Principal Proceeds representing Unscheduled Principal Proceeds and Sale Proceeds from the sale of Credit Risk Obligations at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, either to the purchase of Substitute Collateral Obligations or to the Principal Account pending reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations at a later date in each case in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement;
(R) after the Reinvestment Period, to redeem the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence;
(S) after the Reinvestment Period, to the payment on a sequential basis of the amounts referred to in paragraphs (X) through (AA) (inclusive) of the Interest Priority of Payments, but only to the extent not paid in full thereunder;
(T) subject to the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold having been reached (after taking into account all prior distributions to Subordinated Noteholders and any distributions to be made to Subordinated Noteholders on such Payment Date, including pursuant to paragraph (U) below and paragraph (DD) of the Interest Priority of Payments) (a) firstly, to the payment to the Collateral Manager of 20.0 per cent. of any remaining Principal Proceeds (after
any payment required to be made to the Subordinated Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (U) below in order to satisfy the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold) in payment of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee, provided however that the Collateral Manager may, in its sole discretion, elect to (x) irrevocably waive or (y) designate for reinvestment of some or all of the amounts that would have been payable to the Collateral Manager under this paragraph (T) on any Payment Date, provided that any such amount in the case of (y) shall (i) be used to purchase Substitute Collateral Obligations or (ii) be deposited in the Principal Account pending reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations or, in the case of (x), shall be applied to the payment of amounts in accordance with paragraph (U) below, subject to the Collateral Manager having notified the Collateral Administrator in writing not later than 12:00 noon (London time) on the first Business Day prior to the relevant Payment Date of any amounts to be so applied; and (b) secondly, to the payment of any VAT in respect of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee referred to in (a) above (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority); and
(U) on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any remaining Principal Proceeds:
(1) to the payment of principal on the Subordinated Notes on a pro rata basis (determined upon redemption in full thereof by reference to the proportion that the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes held by Subordinated Noteholders bore to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such redemption), other than to the extent any Reinvesting Noteholder designates any Reinvestment Amount in respect of such Payment Date; and
(2) to each Reinvesting Noteholder to the repayment of any outstanding Reinvestment Amounts on a pro rata basis.
For the avoidance of doubt, any Incentive Collateral Management Fee which are waived or designated for reinvestment pursuant to paragraph (T) above shall not be treated as due and payable pursuant to such paragraph.
(iii) Application of Refinancing Proceeds, Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds and Designated Excess Par
Subject as further provided below, the Collateral Administrator shall, on behalf of the Issuer on a Partial Redemption Date that is not a Payment Date, instruct the Account Bank to disburse Refinancing Proceeds received in respect of the Optional Redemption in part of any Class or Classes of Rated Notes and the Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds, Designated Excess Par and related Collateral Manager Advances transferred to the Payment Account, in each case, in accordance with the following order of priority:
(A) to the payment of the Trustee Fees and Expenses, to the extent incurred in connection with such Optional Redemption in part;
(B) to the payment of Administrative Expenses (in the order of priority set out in the definition thereof) to the extent incurred in connection with such Optional Redemption in part and to the extent not covered by paragraph (A) above;
(C) to the redemption of the Class or Classes of Rated Notes to be redeemed in part at the applicable Redemption Prices (in the case of any Partial Redemption Date that is a Payment Date without duplication of any amounts received by any Class of Notes pursuant to the Principal Priority of Payments, the Interest Priority of Payments and Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments); and
(D) any remaining amounts to be deposited in the Interest Account as Interest Proceeds.
(iv) Application of Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds
On any Regulatory Refinancing Date, Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds and Regulatory Refinancing Interest Proceeds in respect of the relevant Regulatory Refinancing (after the application of Interest
Proceeds under the Interest Priority of Payments if such date is otherwise a Payment Date), shall be applied in the following order of priority (the “Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds Priority of Payments”):
(A) to the payment of the Trustee Fees and Expenses, to the extent incurred in connection with such Regulatory Refinancing;
(B) to the payment of Administrative Expenses (in the order of priority set out in the definition thereof) to the extent incurred in connection with such Optional Redemption in part and to the extent not covered by paragraph (A) above;
(C) to pay the Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price of the Specified Percentage of each Class of Notes being redeemed, with the Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price of each Class of Rated Notes being paid in full prior to the payment of the Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price of the Subordinated Notes; and
(D) any remaining amounts, to be deposited in the Interest Account as Interest Proceeds.
(d) Withholding Taxes, VAT and Other Taxes on Payments
Where the payment of any amount in accordance with the Priorities of Payment set out above is subject to any deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax or any other tax is payable to a taxing authority by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any such amount, payment of the amount so deducted or withheld or of the tax so due shall be made to the relevant taxing authority pari passu with (other than in respect of any VAT in respect of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee at paragraph (CC) of the Interest Priority of Payments and paragraph (T) of the Principal Priority of Payments) and, so far as possible, at the same time as the payment of the amount in respect of which the relevant deduction or withholding or other liability to tax has arisen.
If the Issuer must account to the recipient of any payment for any amounts in respect of VAT or in respect of any other taxes attributable to any of the items referred to in the Priorities of Payments set out above then such amounts in respect of such taxes shall be paid pro rata and pari passu with such items (other than in respect of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee at paragraph (CC) of the Interest Priority of Payments and paragraph (T) of the Principal Priority of Payments).
(e) Reinvestment Amounts
Any holder of Subordinated Notes may notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Manager in writing that it proposes to:
(i) make a cash contribution to the Issuer;
(ii) at any time, designate as a contribution to the Issuer all or a specified portion of Interest Proceeds and/or Principal Proceeds that would otherwise be distributed on a Payment Date to such holder pursuant to paragraph (DD) of the Interest Priority of Payments or paragraph (U) of the Principal Priority of Payments, provided that the procedures of the clearing systems can facilitate such designation; or
(iii) subscribe for additional Subordinated Notes issued pursuant to Condition 17(b) (Additional Issuances), as applicable.
Any such proposed Reinvestment Amount is subject to the conditions that:
(A) no more than a total of three Reinvestment Amounts may be effected in aggregate in respect of all Subordinated Notes held by such Subordinated Noteholder;
(B) each Reinvestment Amount is in an amount no less than Euro 1,000,000; and
(C) such Reinvestment Amount would not cause the transaction described in this Offering Circular to cease to be compliant with the EU Retention Requirements.
The Collateral Manager, in its sole discretion (but subject always to compliance with its obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement including the “Standard of Care” as defined therein), will determine (A) whether to accept any proposed Reinvestment Amount and (B) the Permitted Use to which such proposed Reinvestment Amount would be applied, provided that, once the Collateral Manager has specified the Permitted Use of any Reinvestment Amount, no portion of such Reinvestment Amount may subsequently be designated for a different Permitted Use. The Collateral Manager will provide written notice of such determination to the applicable Reinvesting Noteholder(s) thereof and such Reinvestment Amount will be accepted by the Issuer. If such Reinvestment Amount is accepted by the Collateral Manager, it will be deposited by the Issuer into the Supplemental Reserve Account and applied to a Permitted Use determined by the Collateral Manager. Amounts deposited pursuant to sub-paragraph (ii) above will be deemed to constitute payment of the amounts designated thereunder for purposes of all distributions from the Payment Account to be made on such Payment Date. Any amount so deposited shall not earn interest and shall not increase the principal balance of the Notes held by such holder. Unless retained as directed by the applicable Reinvesting Noteholder, Reinvestment Amounts will be paid to the applicable Reinvesting Noteholder on the first subsequent Payment Date on which Principal Proceeds are available therefor as provided in paragraph (U)(2) of the Principal Priority of Payments or on which Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds are available therefor as provided in paragraph (W)(2) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments, as applicable. Any request of any Reinvesting Noteholder under sub-paragraph (ii) above shall specify the percentage(s) of the amount(s) that such Reinvesting Noteholder is entitled to receive on the applicable Payment Date in respect of distributions pursuant to paragraphs (DD) of the Interest Priority of Payments or (U) of the Principal Priority of Payments, as applicable (such Reinvesting Noteholder’s “Distribution Amount”) that such Reinvesting Noteholder wishes the Issuer to deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account. The Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer will provide each such Reinvesting Noteholder with an estimate of such Reinvesting Noteholder’s Distribution Amount not later than two Business Days prior to any subsequent Payment Date.
(f) Non-payment of Amounts
Failure on the part of the Issuer to pay the Interest Amounts on the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes pursuant to Condition 6 (Interest) in accordance with the Priorities of Payment by reason solely that there are insufficient funds standing to the credit of the Payment Account shall not be a Note Event of Default unless and until such failure continues for a period of at least five Business Days (or ten Business Days in the case of an administrative error or omission as described in Condition 10(a)(i) (Non-payment of interest)), save as the result of any deduction therefrom or the imposition of withholding thereon as set forth in Condition 9 (Taxation).
Failure on the part of the Issuer to pay the Interest Amounts on the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes or Class F Notes pursuant to Condition 6 (Interest) in accordance with the Priorities of Payment by reason solely that there are insufficient funds standing to the credit of the Payment Account shall not constitute a Note Event of Default, but instead will constitute Deferred Interest pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest).
Non-payment of amounts due and payable on the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes as a result of the insufficiency of available Interest Proceeds will not constitute a Note Event of Default.
Failure on the part of the Issuer to pay any principal when the same becomes due and payable on any Rated Note on the Maturity Date or any Redemption Date shall be a Note Event of Default provided that, in the case of a failure to disburse due to an administrative error or omission, such failure continues for a period of at least five Business Days after the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator or the Principal Paying Agent receives written notice of, or has actual knowledge of, such administrative error or omission and provided further that, failure to effect any Optional Redemption or redemption following a Note Tax Event for which notice is withdrawn in accordance with the Conditions or, in the case of an Optional Redemption with respect to which a Refinancing fails, will not constitute a Note Event of Default.
Subject always, in the case of Interest Amounts payable in respect of the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes, Class F Notes and Class Z Notes pursuant to Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest) and save as otherwise provided in respect of any unpaid Collateral Management Fees (and VAT payable in respect thereof) or Reinvestment Amounts to Reinvesting Noteholders, in the event of non-payment of any amounts referred to in the Interest Priority of Payments or the Principal Priority of Payments on any Payment Date, such amounts shall remain due and shall be payable on each subsequent Payment Date in the orders of priority provided for in this Condition 3 (Status). References to the amounts referred to in the Interest Priority of Payments and the Principal Priority of Payments of this Condition 3 (Status) shall include any amounts thereof not paid when due in accordance with this Condition 3 (Status) on any preceding Payment Date.
(g) Determination and Payment of Amounts
The Collateral Administrator will, in consultation with the Collateral Manager, calculate the amounts payable on the applicable Payment Date pursuant to the Priorities of Payment and will notify the Issuer and the Trustee of such amounts. The Account Bank and/or the Custodian, as applicable (acting in accordance with the instructions of the Collateral Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) in accordance with the Payment Date Report) shall, on behalf of the Issuer, not later than 12.00 noon (London time) on the Business Day preceding each Payment Date, cause the amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account, the Unused Proceeds Account and if applicable the Interest Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account (together with, to the extent applicable, amounts standing to the credit of any other Account) to the extent required to pay the amounts referred to in the Interest Priority of Payments and the Principal Priority of Payments which are payable on such Payment Date to be transferred to the Payment Account in accordance with Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts).
(h) De Minimis Amounts
The Collateral Administrator on behalf of the Issuer may, in consultation with the Collateral Manager, adjust the amounts required to be applied in payment of principal on the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes from time to time pursuant to the Priorities of Payment so that the amount to be so applied in respect of each Class A Note, Class B Note, Class C Note, Class D Note, Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note and the Subordinated Notes is a whole amount, not involving any fraction of a 0.01 Euro or, at the discretion of the Collateral Administrator, part of a Euro.
(i) Publication of Amounts
The Collateral Administrator on behalf of the Issuer will cause details of the amounts of interest and principal to be paid, and any amounts of interest payable but not paid, on each Payment Date in respect of the Notes to be notified at the expense of the Issuer to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Principal Paying Agent, the Registrar and Euronext Dublin by no later than 11.00 am (London time) on the Business Day prior to the applicable Payment Date in the Payment Date Report.
(j) Notifications to be Final
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained or discretions exercised for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3 (Status) will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Manager, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent and all Noteholders and (in the absence of the Collateral Administrator’s fraud, negligence or wilful misconduct) no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders shall attach to the Collateral Administrator in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions under this Condition 3 (Status).
(k) Accounts
The Issuer shall, on or prior to the Issue Date, establish the following accounts with the Account Bank or (as the case may be) with the Custodian:
 the Principal Account;
 the Interest Account;
 the Unused Proceeds Account;
 the Payment Account;
 the Supplemental Reserve Account;
 the Expense Reserve Account;
 the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account;
 the Currency Accounts;
 the Custody Account;
 the First Period Reserve Account;
 the Interest Smoothing Account;
 the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account(s); and
 the Hedge Termination Account(s).
The Account Bank and the Custodian shall at all times be a financial institution satisfying the Rating Requirement applicable thereto, which is not resident or which is acting through an office which is not situated in Ireland but which has the necessary regulatory capacity and licences to perform the services required of it under the Transaction Documents. If the Account Bank or the Custodian at any time fails to satisfy the Rating Requirement, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that a replacement Account Bank or Custodian, as the case may be, which satisfies the Rating Requirement, is appointed in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. The Account Bank and the Custodian shall be required to hold the books and records of each Account outside Ireland.
Amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts (other than the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account, the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account and the Payment Account) from time to time may be invested by the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer in Eligible Investments.
All interest accrued on any of the Accounts (other than any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts) from time to time shall be paid into the Interest Account, save to the extent that the Issuer is contractually bound to pay such amounts to a third party. All principal amounts received in respect of Eligible Investments standing to the credit of any Account from time to time shall be credited to that Account upon maturity, save to the extent that the Issuer is contractually bound to pay such amounts to a third party. All interest accrued on such Eligible Investments (including capitalised interest received upon the sale, maturity or termination of any such investment) shall be paid to the Interest Account as, and to the extent provided, above.
To the extent that any amounts required to be paid into any Account pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 3 (Status) are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, may (other than in the case of any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts) convert such amounts into the currency of the Account at the Spot Rate as determined by the Collateral Administrator at the direction of and in consultation with the Collateral Manager.
Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Condition 3(k) (Accounts) or Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts), all amounts standing to the credit of each of the Accounts (other than (i) the Interest Account, (ii) the Payment Account, (iii) the Expense Reserve Account, (iv) the Supplemental Reserve Account, (v) all interest accrued on the Accounts, (vi) the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account(s), (vii) the First Period Reserve Account, (viii) the Interest Smoothing Account, and (ix) the Currency Account to the extent that the same represent Sale Proceeds, repayments or prepayments in respect of Non-Euro Obligations sold subject to and in accordance with the terms of a Currency Hedge
Transaction which shall be paid to the relevant Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the terms thereof outside the Priorities of Payment) shall be transferred to the Payment Account and shall constitute Principal Proceeds on the Business Day prior to any redemption of the Notes in full, and all amounts standing to the credit of each of the Interest Account, the Expense Reserve Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Interest Smoothing Account, the First Period Reserve Account and, to the extent not required to be repaid to any Hedge Counterparty, each Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall be transferred to the Payment Account as Interest Proceeds on the Business Day prior to any redemption of the Notes in full.
Following the end of the Reinvestment Period, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) may open additional ledgers in the Principal Account to separate payments of Scheduled Principal Proceeds and Unscheduled Principal Proceeds.
Application of amounts in respect of Hedge Issuer Tax Credit Payments received by the Issuer shall be paid out of the Interest Account to the relevant Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement, without regard to the Priorities of Payment.
(l) Payments to and from the Accounts
(i) Principal Account
The Issuer will procure that the following Principal Proceeds are paid into the Principal Account promptly upon receipt thereof, excluding any Trading Gains that the Collateral Manager elects to be paid into the Interest Account in accordance with Condition 3(l)(ii)(O) (Interest Account) below:
(A) all principal payments received in respect of any Collateral Obligation (and in the case of any distributions from an Issuer Subsidiary, all payments received in respect of any Issuer Subsidiary Asset) including, without limitation:
(1) Scheduled Principal Proceeds;
(2) amounts received in respect of any maturity, scheduled amortisation, mandatory prepayment or mandatory sinking fund payment on a Collateral Obligation;
(3) Unscheduled Principal Proceeds; and
(4) any other principal payments with respect to Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments (to the extent not included in the Sale Proceeds);
but excluding (i) any such payments received in respect of any Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, to the extent required to be paid into the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account, (ii) principal proceeds on any Currency Hedge Obligation, Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation to the extent required to be paid into the Currency Account, (iii) any such payments received in respect of any Hedge Replacement Receipts or Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments to the extent required to be paid into the Hedge Termination Account and (iv) principal proceeds received both before and after the Reinvestment Period in connection with the acceptance of an Offer where such Offer is by way of novation or substitution (for the avoidance of doubt, such proceeds will be reinvested automatically as consideration for the novated or substitute Collateral Obligation, subject to the Restructured Obligation Criteria being satisfied);
(B) all interest and other amounts received in respect of any Defaulted Obligation or any Mezzanine Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Obligation or a Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine Obligation (as applicable) (save for Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts and Defaulted Mezzanine Excess Amounts) and amounts representing the element of deferred interest in any payments received in respect of any PIK Obligation;
(C) all premiums (including prepayment premiums) receivable upon redemption of any Collateral Obligation at maturity or otherwise or upon exercise of any put or call option in respect thereof which is above the outstanding principal amount of any Collateral Obligation;
(D) all fees and commissions received in connection with the purchase or sale of any Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments or work out or restructuring of any Defaulted Obligations or Collateral Obligations as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable discretion;
(E) all Sale Proceeds received in respect of a Collateral Obligation;
(F) all Distributions and Sale Proceeds received in respect of Exchanged Securities;
(G) all Purchased Accrued Interest;
(H) amounts transferred to the Principal Account from any other Account as required below;
(I) all proceeds received from any additional issuance of the Notes that are not invested in Collateral Obligations or required to be paid into the Supplemental Reserve Account;
(J) any other amounts received in respect of the Collateral which are not required to be paid into another Account;
(K) all amounts transferable from a Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account to the Principal Account in accordance with Condition 3(l)(v) (Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts) below;
(L) all amounts transferred from the Supplemental Reserve Account;
(M) all amounts transferred from the Expense Reserve Account;
(N) all cash payments of principal and interest received in respect of any Non-Eligible Issue Date Collateral Obligation or any other asset which did not satisfy the Eligibility Criteria on the date it was required to do so and which have not been sold by the Collateral Manager, together with all amounts received by the Issuer by way of gross up in respect of such interest and in respect of a claim under any applicable double taxation treaty in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement;
(O) all Refinancing Proceeds;
(P) all Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds;
(Q) all amounts transferred to the Principal Account from the Currency Account pursuant to paragraph (B) of Condition 3(l)(ix) (Currency Accounts) following exchange of such amounts into Euros (to the extent not already in Euros) by the Issuer following consultation with the Collateral Manager;
(R) all amounts payable into the Principal Account pursuant to paragraph (W) of the Interest Priority of Payments upon the failure to meet the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test during the Reinvestment Period;
(S) any amounts received in respect of a Loss Mitigation Loan:
(1) which was purchased using Principal Proceeds;
(2) if the Collateral Manager so determines (in its sole discretion) to classify such proceeds as Principal Proceeds; or
(3) in respect of which the proviso to Condition 3(l)(ii)(R) (Interest Account) applies;
(T) any amounts which would otherwise be payable to the Collateral Manager as a Senior Management Fee or to a Class Z Noteholder as a Class Z Noteholder Amount which the Collateral Manager or a Class Z Noteholder has, respectively, elected to designate for reinvestment in Collateral Obligations and/or Loss Mitigation Loans, for deposit pending the reinvestment of such amounts pursuant to paragraphs (E) and (X) of the Interest Priority of Payments;
(U) any other amounts which are not required to be paid into any other Account in accordance with this Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts); and
(V) any amount transferred from the First Period Reserve Account.
The Issuer shall procure payment of the following amounts (and shall ensure that payment of no other amount is made, save to the extent otherwise permitted above) out of the Principal Account, provided in each case that amounts deposited in the Principal Account pursuant to sub-paragraph (O) above shall only be applied in accordance with sub-paragraph (3) below unless, after such application on the relevant Payment Date, there is a surplus of such proceeds:
(1) on the Business Day prior to each Payment Date, all Principal Proceeds standing to the credit of the Principal Account to the Payment Account to the extent required for disbursement pursuant to the Principal Priority of Payments, save for: (a) amounts deposited after the end of the related Due Period; and (b) any Principal Proceeds deposited prior to the end of the related Due Period to the extent such Principal Proceeds are permitted to be and have been designated for reinvestment by the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement for a period beyond such Payment Date, provided that (i) if the Coverage Tests are not satisfied, Principal Proceeds from Defaulted Obligations may not be designated for reinvestment by the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) until after the following Payment Date or, if earlier, the date on which the Coverage Tests are satisfied and (ii) no such payment shall be made to the extent that such amounts are not required to be distributed pursuant to the Principal Priority of Payments on such Payment Date;
(2) at any time at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, in accordance with the terms of, and to the extent permitted under, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, in the acquisition of Collateral Obligations including amounts equal to the Unfunded Amounts of any Revolving Obligations or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations which are required to be deposited in the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account and including any initial principal exchange amounts payable by the Issuer to a Currency Hedge Counterparty or a FX Forward Counterparty pursuant to any Currency Hedge Transaction or FX Forward Transaction;
(3) other than Third Party Indemnity Receipts, on any Business Day on which a Refinancing has occurred, all amounts credited to the Principal Account pursuant to sub-paragraph (O) above in redemption of the relevant Class or Classes of Rated Notes, subject to and in accordance with the applicable paragraphs of Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption);
(4) on any Business Day, at the direction of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), to purchase any Rated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Purchase), provided that nothing in this paragraph (4) shall operate to override the priority in respect of such Principal Proceeds of those obligations more senior to the Rated Notes in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments;
(5) prior to the second Determination Date, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, an amount not exceeding 1.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount may be transferred to the Interest Account in aggregate and without duplication, from the Principal Account pursuant to this paragraph (5) and/or the Unused Proceeds Account (pursuant to Condition 3(l)(iii)(4) (Unused Proceeds Account)), provided that as at such date after giving effect to such transfer, the Collateral Principal Amount equals or exceeds
the Reinvestment Target Par Balance (provided that, for such purposes the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation will be the lower of its S&P Collateral Value and Moody’s Collateral Value);
(6) any Principal Proceeds representing Designated Excess Par to the Interest Account in accordance with any Optional Redemption of one or more Classes of Notes by way of a Refinancing; provided that, in each case, each of the following conditions are met immediately after giving effect to such deposit: (a) the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purposes the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be the lesser of its Moody’s Collateral Value and its S&P Collateral Value) is greater than or equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance; (b) the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test is satisfied; and (c) the relevant Optional Redemption by way of Refinancing shall include a refinancing of the Class A Notes;
(7) on the Business Day prior to any Partial Redemption Date that is not a Payment Date, any Refinancing Proceeds to the Payment Account for distribution pursuant to the Partial Redemption Priority of Payments;
(8) on the Business Day prior to any Regulatory Refinancing Date that is not a Payment Date, any Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds to the Payment Account for distribution pursuant to the Regulatory Refinancing Priority of Payments; and
(9) at any time in connection with the acquisition of Loss Mitigation Loans (except Extended Loss Mitigation Loans) including for the avoidance of doubt, any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or similar duty or tax payable in connection therewith, provided that such duty or tax may instead be paid using amounts standing to the credit of: (A) the Interest Account pursuant to Condition 3(l)(ii)(9) (Interest Account), provided that (x) such payment would not cause the deferral of interest on any Class of Rated Notes on the immediately succeeding Payment Date on a pro forma basis taking into account the payment of each of the items reasonably anticipated to be payable on the next Payment Date under paragraph
(A) of the Interest Priority of Payments, and (y) in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable, judgement, the Interest Coverage Tests would be satisfied on the next Payment Date, or (B) the Supplemental Reserve Account pursuant to Condition 3(l)(vi)(13) (Supplemental Reserve Account); provided that, no such payment from the Principal Account shall be so directed if:
(i) immediately following such payment, any Par Value Test would not be satisfied;
(ii) the Loss Mitigation Loan Target Par Balance Condition would not be satisfied immediately following the purchase of any Loss Mitigation Loan; or
(iii) the relevant Loss Mitigation Loan to be acquired (A) is not a debt obligation, (B) is subordinated to the related Defaulted Obligation or Credit Risk Obligation entering a restructuring process, (C) has a maturity date exceeding the maturity date of the Rated Notes or (D) has a par value of less than its purchase price.
(ii) Interest Account
The Issuer will procure that the following Interest Proceeds are credited to the Interest Account promptly upon receipt thereof:
(A) all cash payments of interest in respect of the Collateral Obligations other than any Purchased Accrued Interest, together with all amounts received by the Issuer by way of gross up in respect of such interest and in respect of a claim under any applicable double taxation treaty or otherwise but excluding (i) interest proceeds on any Currency Hedge Obligation, Unhedged Collateral Obligation and Principal Hedged Obligation to the extent required to be paid into the Currency Account and (ii) any interest received in respect of any Defaulted Obligations and Mezzanine Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Obligation or Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine
Obligation (as applicable) other than Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts and Defaulted Mezzanine Excess Amounts (as applicable);
(B) all interest accrued on the Balance standing to the credit of the Interest Account from time to time and all interest accrued in respect of the Balances standing to the credit of the other Accounts (including interest on any Eligible Investments standing to the credit thereof) (other than in respect of any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account);
(C) all amendment and waiver fees, all late payment fees, all commitment fees, syndication fees, delayed compensation and all other fees and commissions received in connection with any Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable discretion (other than fees and commissions received in connection with the purchase or sale of any Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments or work out or restructuring of any Defaulted Obligations or Collateral Obligations which fees and commissions shall be payable into the Principal Account and shall constitute Principal Proceeds);
(D) all accrued interest included in the proceeds of sale of any other Collateral Obligation that are designated by the Collateral Manager as Interest Proceeds pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (provided that no such designation may be made in respect of (i) any Purchased Accrued Interest, (ii)(1) any interest received in respect of any Mezzanine Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine Obligation other than Defaulted Mezzanine Excess Amounts or (2) a Defaulted Obligation save for Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts);
(E) all amounts representing the element of deferred interest (other than Purchased Accrued Interest) in any payments received in respect of any Mezzanine Obligation which is not a Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine Obligation and which by its contractual terms provides for the deferral of interest;
(F) amounts transferred to the Interest Account from the Unused Proceeds Account in the circumstances described under Condition 3(l)(iii) (Unused Proceeds Account) below;
(G) all scheduled commitment fees received by the Issuer in respect of any Revolving Obligations or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations;
(H) all amounts received by the Issuer in respect of interest paid in respect of any collateral deposited by the Issuer with a third party as security for any reimbursement or indemnification obligations to any other lender under a Revolving Obligation or a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation in an account established pursuant to an ancillary facility;
(I) all amounts transferred from the Supplemental Reserve Account;
(J) all amounts transferred from the Expense Reserve Account;
(K) any amounts payable to the Issuer under any Hedge Transaction in respect of interest save for Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments, Hedge Replacement Receipts or Counterparty Downgrade Collateral;
(L) any Interest Smoothing Amounts which are required to be transferred from the Interest Smoothing Account pursuant to Condition 3(l)(xii) (Interest Smoothing Account);
(M) at any time any Scheduled Periodic Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty Payments and any Hedge Counterparty Tax Credit Payments;
(N) all amounts transferred from the First Period Reserve Account;
(O) any Trading Gains realised in respect of any Collateral Obligation to the extent that the Collateral Manager elects that such Trading Gains should be paid into the Interest Account;
provided that, in each case, each of the following conditions are met immediately after giving effect to such deposit: (a) the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purposes the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be the lesser of its Moody’s Collateral Value and its S&P Collateral Value) is greater than or equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance; (b) the Class F Par Value Ratio is at least equal to the Issue Date Class F Par Value Ratio; (c) for so long as any Notes are rated by S&P, not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount consist of obligations which are S&P CCC Obligations, (d) for so long as any Notes are rated by Moody’s, not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount consist of obligations which are Moody’s Caa Obligations; (e) for so long as any Notes are rated by Moody’s, the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test is satisfied; and (f) the aggregate amount (on a cumulative basis) of Trading Gains that may be paid into the Interest Account pursuant to this paragraph (O) after the Issue Date does not exceed 1.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount;
(P) any Designated Excess Par;
(Q) any amounts to be deposited into the Interest Account pursuant to the Partial Redemption Priority of Payments; and
(R) in the sole discretion of the Collateral Manager, any amounts received in respect of Loss Mitigation Loans which were not purchased using Principal Proceeds, provided that if the Collateral Manager has made an election pursuant to paragraph (i)(A)(2) of the definition of “Principal Balance”, then no amounts received in respect of such Loss Mitigation Loan shall be credited to the Interest Account pursuant to this paragraph (R) and all such amounts shall instead be credited to the Principal Account pursuant to Condition 3(l)(i)(S)(3) (Principal Account).
The Issuer shall procure payment of the following amounts (and shall ensure that payment of no other amount is made, save to the extent otherwise permitted above) out of the Interest Account:
(1) on the Business Day prior to each Payment Date, all Interest Proceeds standing to the credit of the Interest Account shall be transferred to the Payment Account to the extent required for disbursement pursuant to the Interest Priority of Payments save for amounts deposited after the end of the related Due Period and any amounts to be disbursed pursuant to (2) below on such Business Day or amounts representing any Hedge Issuer Tax Credit Payments to be disbursed pursuant to (3) below;
(2) at any time in accordance with the terms of, and to the extent permitted under, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, in the acquisition of Collateral Obligations to the extent that any such acquisition costs represent accrued interest;
(3) at any time any Scheduled Periodic Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Payments and any Hedge Issuer Tax Credit Payments;
(4) on the Business Day following each Determination Date save for (i) the first Determination Date following the Issue Date; (ii) a Determination Date following the occurrence of a Note Event of Default which is continuing; and (iii) the Determination Date immediately prior to any redemption of the Notes in full, any Interest Smoothing Amount required to be transferred to the Interest Smoothing Account pursuant to Condition 3(l)(xii) (Interest Smoothing Account);
(5) at any time, towards the payment of any costs and expenses (including transfer fees) relating to the purchase and sale of Collateral Obligations;
(6) on the Business Day prior to any Partial Redemption Date that is not a Payment Date, the Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds and any related Designated Excess Par, to the Payment Account to the extent required for distribution pursuant to the Partial Redemption Priority of Payments;
(7) on the Business Day prior to any Regulatory Refinancing Date that is not a Payment Date, the Regulatory Refinancing Interest Proceeds in respect of the Regulatory Refinancing to the Payment Account to the extent required for distribution pursuant to the Regulatory Refinancing Priority of Payments;
(8) at any time in connection with the acquisition of Loss Mitigation Loans (for the avoidance of doubt including any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or similar duty or tax payable in connection therewith), provided that, no such payment shall be so directed if:
(i) such payment would cause the deferral of interest on any Class of Rated Notes on the immediately succeeding Payment Date on a pro forma basis taking into account the payment of each of the items reasonably anticipated to be payable on the next Payment Date under paragraph (A) of the Interest Priority of Payments; or
(ii) in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable judgment any Coverage Test would not be satisfied on the next Payment Date;
(9) at any time in connection with any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or similar duty or tax payable in connection with the acquisition of Loss Mitigation Loans pursuant to Condition 3(l)(i)(9) (Principal Account); and
(10) at any time for the acquisition of any Received Obligations in a Bankruptcy Exchange (to the extent that any payment is required from the Issuer in connection therewith) subject to any conditions set out in the definition of Bankruptcy Exchange.
(iii) Unused Proceeds Account
The Issuer will procure that the following amounts are credited to the Unused Proceeds Account, as applicable:
(A) on the Issue Date, the net proceeds of issue of the Notes;
(B) all proceeds received during the Initial Investment Period from any additional issuance of Notes that are not invested in Collateral Obligations or, in respect of additional issuances of Subordinated Notes, paid into the Supplemental Reserve Account; and
(C) an amount equal to the Reclassification Price in respect of the Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations.
The Issuer shall procure payment of the following amounts (and shall ensure that payment of no other amount is made, save to the extent otherwise permitted above) out of the applicable sub-ledger of the Unused Proceeds Account:
(1) on or about the Issue Date, such amounts equal to the aggregate of:
(a) in payment of amounts due or accrued with respect to action taken on or in connection with the Issue Date with respect to the issue of Notes, the entry into the Transaction Documents and the termination of the Warehouse Arrangements;
(b) amounts payable into the Expense Reserve Account;
(c) to repay the relevant lender under the Warehouse Arrangements in respect of the funding provided by it to finance the purchase of Collateral Obligations prior to the Issue Date;
(d) to pay all other amounts due under the Warehouse Arrangements; and
(e) amounts payable into the First Period Reserve Account;
(2) at any time up to and including the last day of the Initial Investment Period, in accordance with the terms of, and to the extent permitted under, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, in the acquisition of Collateral Obligations;
(3) in the event of the occurrence of an Effective Date Rating Event, the Balance standing to the credit of the Unused Proceeds Account, on the Business Day prior to the Payment Date falling immediately after the Effective Date, to the extent required, to the Payment Account for application as Principal Proceeds in accordance with the Priorities of Payment, either
(a) in redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence or, if earlier, until an Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing, or (b) to the purchase of additional Collateral Obligations until an Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing, provided that such purchase shall occur on or prior to the Determination Date prior to the second Payment Date; and
(4) prior to the second Determination Date, the Balance standing to the credit of the Unused Proceeds Account, to the Principal Account or the Interest Account, in each case, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, provided that an amount not exceeding 1.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount may be transferred to the Interest Account in aggregate and without duplication, from the Unused Proceeds Account pursuant to this paragraph (4) and/or the Principal Account (pursuant to Condition 3(l)(i)(5) (Principal Account)), provided further that as at such date after giving effect to such transfer to the Interest Account, the Collateral Principal Amount equals or exceeds the Reinvestment Target Par Balance (provided that, for such purposes the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation will be the lower of its S&P Collateral Value and Moody’s Collateral Value).
(iv) Payment Account
The Issuer will procure that, on the Business Day prior to each Payment Date or Partial Redemption Date (if such date is not a Payment Date), all amounts standing to the credit of each of the Accounts which are required to be transferred from the other accounts to the Payment Account pursuant to Condition 3(k) (Accounts) and Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts) are so transferred, and, on such Payment Date or Partial Redemption Date, as applicable, the Collateral Administrator shall instruct the Account Bank (acting in accordance with the instructions of the Collateral Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) acting in accordance with the Payment Date Report), to disburse such amounts in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payment. No amounts shall be transferred to or withdrawn from the Payment Account at any other time or in any other circumstances.
(v) Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts
The Issuer will procure that all Counterparty Downgrade Collateral transferred pursuant to a Hedge Agreement shall be deposited in a separate account in respect of each Hedge Counterparty. All Counterparty Downgrade Collateral deposited from time to time in any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall be held and released pursuant to the terms set out below.
The funds or securities credited to the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account and any interest or distributions thereon or liquidation proceeds thereof are held separate from (on the Custodian’s books and records) and do not form part of Principal Proceeds, Interest Proceeds or of Collateral Enhancement Obligation Proceeds (other than in the circumstances set out below) and accordingly, are not available to fund general distributions of the Issuer (save as set out below and in the applicable Hedge Agreement). The cash amounts standing to the credit of the applicable Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall be separately identifiable on the Custodian’s books and records from any other funds from any other party.
Amounts standing to the credit of each Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account will not be available for the Issuer to make payments to the Noteholders nor any other creditor of the Issuer
(other than in the circumstances set out below). The Issuer will procure the payment of the following amounts (and shall ensure that no other payments are made, save to the extent required hereunder):
(A) prior to the occurrence or designation of an “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the relevant Hedge Agreement) in respect of all “Transactions” (as defined in such Hedge Agreement) entered into under such Hedge Agreement pursuant to which all such “Transactions” under such Hedge Agreement are terminated early, solely in or towards payment or transfer of:
(1) any “Return Amounts” (if applicable and as defined in such Hedge Agreement or the Credit Support Annex thereto);
(2) any “Interest Amounts” and “Distributions” (if applicable and each as defined in such Hedge Agreement or the Credit Support Annex thereto); and
(3) any other return or transfer of collateral or other payment amounts in the nature of interest or distributions in respect of collateral in accordance with the terms of such Hedge Agreement (including without limitation in connection with any permitted novation or other transfer of the Hedge Counterparty’s obligations thereunder),
directly to the Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the terms of such Hedge Agreement (including, if applicable, the Credit Support Annex thereto);
(B) following the designation of an “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the relevant Hedge Agreement) in respect of all “Transactions” under and as defined in the relevant Hedge Agreement pursuant to which all “Transactions” under such Hedge Agreement are terminated early where (A) the relevant Hedge Counterparty is the Defaulting Hedge Counterparty and
(B) the Issuer enters into one or more Replacement Hedge Agreements or any novation of the relevant Hedge Counterparty’s obligations to a replacement Hedge Counterparty, in the following order of priority:
(1) first, in or towards payment of any Hedge Replacement Payments in respect of Replacement Hedge Transactions relating to such terminated “Transactions” (to the extent not funded from the relevant Hedge Termination Account);
(2) second, in or towards payment of any Hedge Issuer Termination Payments relating to such terminated “Transactions” (to the extent not funded from the relevant Hedge Termination Account); and
(3) third, the surplus amount standing to the credit of such Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (if any) to the Principal Account;
(C) following the designation of an “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the relevant Hedge Agreement) in respect of all “Transactions” under and as defined in the relevant Hedge Agreement pursuant to which all “Transactions” under such Hedge Agreement are terminated early (A) other than where the relevant Hedge Counterparty is the Defaulting Hedge Counterparty and (B) where the Issuer enters into one or more Replacement Hedge Agreements or any novation of the relevant Hedge Counterparty’s obligations to a replacement Hedge Counterparty, in the following order of priority:
(1) first, in or towards payment of any Hedge Issuer Termination Payments relating to such terminated “Transactions” (to the extent not funded from the relevant Hedge Termination Account);
(2) second in or towards payment of any Hedge Replacement Payments in respect of Replacement Hedge Transactions relating to such terminated “Transactions” (to the extent not funded from the relevant Hedge Termination Account); and
(3) third, the surplus amount standing to the credit of such Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (if any) to the Principal Account,
(D) following the designation of an “Early Termination Date” (as defined in the relevant Hedge Agreement) in respect of all “Transactions” under and as defined in the relevant Hedge Agreement pursuant to which all “Transactions” under such Hedge Agreement are terminated early and if the Issuer, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, determines not to replace such terminated “Transactions” and Rating Agency Confirmation is received in respect of such determination or termination of such “Transactions” occurs on a Redemption Date or if for any reason the Issuer is unable to enter into one or more Replacement Hedge Agreements or any novation of the relevant Hedge Counterparty’s obligations to a replacement Hedge Counterparty, in the following order of priority:
(1) first, in or towards payment of any Hedge Issuer Termination Payments relating to such terminated “Transactions” (to the extent not funded from the relevant Hedge Termination Account); and
(2) second, the surplus amount standing to the credit of such Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account (if any) to the Principal Account.
(vi) Supplemental Reserve Account
The Issuer will procure that the following amounts are credited to the Supplemental Reserve Account as applicable:
(A) on each Payment Date, any Supplemental Reserve Amount;
(B) at any time, all Collateral Enhancement Obligation Proceeds;
(C) at any time, all Collateral Manager Advances; and
(D) at any time, each Reinvestment Amount,
in each case, in respect of such Payment Date, shall be deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account.
The Issuer will procure payment of the following amounts (and shall ensure that payment of no other amount is made, save to the extent otherwise permitted above) out of the Supplemental Reserve Account:
(1) at any time, at the discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) to the Principal Account for either (x) during the Reinvestment Period to reinvest in Substitute Collateral Obligations or (y) otherwise for distribution on the next following Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payment;
(2) at any time, at the discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), to the Interest Account for distribution in accordance with the Priorities of Payment;
(3) at any time, at the discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) in the acquisition of, or in respect of any exercise of any option or warrant comprised in, Collateral Enhancement Obligations, in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, provided that amounts in respect of the reclassification of (i) any Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations shall be transferred to the Unused Proceeds Account and (ii) any Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations shall be transferred to the Principal Account;
(4) at any time, at the discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), to purchase any Rated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Purchase);
(5) on the occurrence of an Effective Date Rating Event, on the Business Day prior to the Payment Date falling immediately after the Effective Date, to the extent required to cause such Effective Date Rating Event to no longer be continuing, to the Payment Account for
application as Principal Proceeds in accordance with the Priorities of Payment, either (i) in redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence or, if earlier, until an Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing, or (ii) to the purchase of additional Collateral Obligations until an Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing, provided that such purchase shall occur on or prior to the Determination Date prior to the second Payment Date;
(6) the Balance standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account to the Payment Account for distribution on such Payment Date in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments or the Post-Acceleration Priorities of Payment (as applicable) at the direction of the Collateral Manager at any time;
(7) on any Payment Date, as directed by the Issuer in its discretion (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), some or all of any Reinvestment Amounts credited to the Supplemental Reserve Account in accordance with these Conditions, to the payment of distributions on the Subordinated Notes in each case on a pro rata basis (determined upon redemption in full thereof by reference to the proportion that the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes held by Subordinated Noteholders bore to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such redemption), provided that if the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold has been reached (after taking into account all prior distributions to Subordinated Noteholders and any distributions to be made to Subordinated Noteholders on such Payment Date), 20 per cent. of any such amounts determined to be so applied shall instead be paid to the Collateral Manager;
(8) at any time at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, in repayment of any Collateral Manager Advances;
(9) at any time, at the discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), for deposit into the Expense Reserve Account;
(10) on the Business Day prior to any Partial Redemption Date that is not a Payment Date, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager and in an amount designated by the Collateral Manager, to the Interest Account for application as Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds;
(11) at any time at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, to pay in full all accrued and unpaid Refinancing Costs, or any fees, costs, charges and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Issuer as a direct result of any Optional Redemption, as determined by the Collateral Manager (including any amount owed to the Trustee of the Agents in connection with any such Optional Redemption);
(12) at any time, at the direction of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement for the acquisition of Loss Mitigation Loans or to the Principal Account for application to the acquisition of Loss Mitigation Loans (for the avoidance of doubt including any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or similar duty or tax payable in connection therewith);
(13) at any time in connection with any stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or similar duty or tax payable in connection with the acquisition of Loss Mitigation Loans pursuant to Condition 3(l)(i)(9) (Principal Account);
(14) at any time for the acquisition of any Received Obligations in a Bankruptcy Exchange (to the extent that any payment is required from the Issuer in connection therewith); and
(15) at any time, as directed by the Issuer in its discretion (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf), in repayment of Reinvestment Amounts to the Reinvesting Noteholders on a pro rata basis by reference to outstanding Reinvestment Amounts,
each of the foregoing being a “Permitted Use”.
(vii) Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account
The Issuer shall procure the following amounts are paid into the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account:
(A) upon the acquisition by or on behalf of the Issuer of any Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, an amount equal to the amount which would cause the Balance standing to the credit of the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account to be at least equal to the combined aggregate principal amounts of the Unfunded Amounts under each of the Revolving Obligations and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations (which Unfunded Amounts will be treated as part of the purchase price for the related Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation) less amounts posted thereafter as collateral (which do not constitute Funded Amounts), in each case, pursuant to paragraph (2) or (3) below, as applicable;
(B) all principal payments received by the Issuer in respect of any Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, if and to the extent that the amount of such principal payments may be re-borrowed under such Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or otherwise by the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer; and
(C) all repayments of collateral to the Issuer originally paid by the Issuer pursuant to (2) below.
The Issuer shall procure payment of the following amounts (and shall ensure that no other amounts are paid) out of the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account:
(1) all amounts required to fund any drawings under any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Obligation;
(2) in respect of Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations or Revolving Obligations, all amounts required to be deposited in the Issuer’s name with any third party which satisfies the Rating Requirement applicable to an Account Bank (or if the third party does not satisfy the Rating Requirement applicable to an Account Bank, subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation) as collateral for any reimbursement or indemnification obligations of the Issuer owed to any other lender under such Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation (subject to such security documentation as may be agreed between such lender, the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer and the Trustee);
(3) (x) at any time at the direction of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) or
(y) upon the sale (in whole or in part) of a Revolving Obligation or the reduction, cancellation or expiry of any commitment of the Issuer to make future advances or otherwise extend credit thereunder, any excess of (a) the amount standing to the credit of the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account over (b) the sum of the Unfunded Amounts of all Revolving Obligations and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations after taking into account such sale or such reduction, cancellation or expiry of such commitment or notional amount; and
(4) all interest accrued on the Balance standing to the credit of the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account from time to time (including capitalised interest received upon the sale, maturity or termination of any Eligible Investment) to the Interest Account following conversion thereof into Euros to the extent necessary.
(viii) Hedge Termination Account
The Issuer will procure that all Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments and Hedge Replacement Receipts are paid into the appropriate Hedge Termination Account promptly upon receipt thereof.
The Issuer will procure payment of the following amounts (and shall ensure that payment of no other amount is made save to the extent otherwise permitted) out of the relevant Hedge Termination Account in payment as provided below:
(A) at any time, in the case of any Hedge Replacement Receipts paid into the relevant Hedge Termination Account, in payment of any Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Termination Payment, Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payment or FX Forward Issuer Termination Payment, as applicable, due and payable to a Hedge Counterparty under the Hedge Transaction being replaced or, to the extent not required to make such payment, in payment of such amount to the Principal Account;
(B) at any time, in the case of any Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments paid into the relevant Hedge Termination Account, in payment of any Hedge Replacement Payment and any other amounts payable by the Issuer upon entry into a Replacement Hedge Transaction in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement; and
(C) in the case of any Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments paid into the relevant Hedge Termination Account, in the event that:
(1) the Issuer, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, determines not to replace the Hedge Transaction (or part thereof) and Rating Agency Confirmation is received in respect of such determination (other than where such determination is made in connection with a Currency Hedge Transaction or FX Forward Transaction which has been terminated solely as a result of the sale or prepayment or redemption or repayment of the relevant Non-Euro Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation (as applicable)); or
(2) termination of the Hedge Transaction under which such Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments are payable occurs on a Redemption Date; or
(3) to the extent that such Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments are not required for application towards costs of entry into a Replacement Hedge Transaction,
in payment of such amounts (save for accrued interest thereon) to the Principal Account.
(ix) Currency Accounts
The Issuer will procure that all amounts received in respect of any Unhedged Collateral Obligations, Currency Hedge Obligations and Principal Proceeds in respect of Principal Hedged Obligations (including Sale Proceeds and including any initial principal exchange amounts received by the Issuer from a Currency Hedge Counterparty or FX Forward Counterparty in connection with funding the acquisition of Currency Hedge Obligations or Principal Hedged Obligations pursuant to a Currency Hedge Transaction or a FX Forward Transaction, but excluding Hedge Replacement Receipts and Hedge Counterparty Termination Payments) to the extent not required to be paid directly to the Interest Account or Principal Account are paid into the appropriate Currency Account in the currency of receipt thereof. A separate Currency Account will be established in respect of each applicable currency.
The Issuer will procure payment of the following amounts (and shall ensure that payment of no other amount is made) out of the Currency Account:
(A) at any time, all amounts payable by the Issuer to a Currency Hedge Counterparty under any Currency Hedge Transaction or FX Forward Counterparty under any FX Forward Transaction (as applicable) save for:
(1) Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payments (other than where such Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payments arise in connection with the termination of a Currency Hedge Transaction in circumstances where no Replacement Hedge Transaction is entered into by the Issuer which gives rise to a Hedge Replacement Receipt, including where a Currency
Hedge Transaction has been terminated solely as a result of the sale or prepayment or redemption or repayment of the relevant Currency Hedge Obligation);
(2) FX Forward Issuer Termination Payments (other than where such FX Forward Issuer Termination Payments arise in connection with the termination of a FX Forward Transaction in circumstances where no Replacement Hedge Transaction is entered into by the Issuer which gives rise to a Hedge Replacement Receipt, including where a FX Forward Transaction has been terminated solely as a result of the sale or prepayment or redemption or repayment of the relevant Principal Hedged Obligation);
(3) Hedge Replacement Payments; and
(4) any initial principal exchange amounts payable by the Issuer to a Currency Hedge Counterparty under any Currency Hedge Transaction or a FX Forward Counterparty under any FX Forward Transaction in connection with funding the acquisition of Currency Hedge Obligations or Principal Hedged Obligations which for the avoidance of doubt shall be payable out of amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account;
(B) cash amounts representing any excess standing to the credit of the Currency Account after paying, or provision for the payment of any amounts to be paid to, any Currency Hedge Counterparty or FX Forward Counterparty pursuant to paragraphs (A)(1) or (A)(2) above (as applicable) shall be converted into Euro at the Spot Rate by the Collateral Administrator on behalf of the Issuer following consultation with the Collateral Manager and transferred to the Principal Account; and
(C) at any time, in the amount of any initial principal exchange amounts received by the Issuer from
(1) a Currency Hedge Counterparty under a Currency Hedge Transaction to be applied in connection with the acquisition of Non-Euro Obligations and (2) an FX Forward Counterparty under an FX Forward Transaction to be applied, in each case in connection with the acquisition of Principal Hedged Obligations in accordance with the terms of and to the extent permitted under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
(x) Expense Reserve Account
The Issuer shall procure that the following amounts are paid into the Expense Reserve Account:
(A) on the Issue Date, an amount determined on the Issue Date for the payment of amounts due or accrued in connection with the issue of the Notes, in accordance with (1) below;
(B) any amount applied in payment into the Expense Reserve Account pursuant to paragraph (D) of the Interest Priority of Payments;
(C) any amounts received by the Issuer by way of indemnity payments from any Secured Party (“Third Party Indemnity Receipts”); and
(D) all amounts transferred from the Supplemental Reserve Account.
The Issuer shall procure payment of the following amounts (and shall procure that no other amounts are paid) out of the Expense Reserve Account:
(1) other than Third Party Indemnity Receipts, amounts due or accrued with respect to actions taken on or in connection with the Issue Date with respect to the issue of Notes and the entry into the Transaction Documents;
(2) other than Third Party Indemnity Receipts, amounts standing to the credit of the Expense Reserve Account may be transferred to the Principal Account and/or the Interest Account in the sole discretion of the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf);
(3) other than Third Party Indemnity Receipts, at any time, the amount of any Trustee Fees and Expenses and Administrative Expenses which have accrued and become payable prior to the immediately following Payment Date, upon receipt of invoices therefor from the relevant creditor, provided that any such payments, in aggregate and together with any other payments out of the Expense Reserve Account on the relevant date, shall not cause the balance of the Expense Reserve Account to fall below zero;
(4) other than Third Party Indemnity Receipts, at any time to the payment of any Refinancing Costs;
(5) on any date, any Third Party Indemnity Receipts due and payable by the Issuer to the Trustee, in an amount which shall not at any time exceed the lesser of (i) the amount paid into the Expense Reserve Account in accordance with paragraph (C) above; and (ii) the amount of any indemnity payments payable by the Issuer to the Trustee. Any such amount so paid shall not be taken into account for the purposes of the application of the Senior Expenses Cap; and
(6) any Third Party Indemnity Receipts in excess of those described in paragraph (2) above shall be transferred to the Payment Account on the Business Day prior to each Payment Date for application in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments on such Payment Date.
(xi) First Period Reserve Account
The Issuer shall deposit €1,000,000 in the First Period Reserve Account on the Issue Date.
At any time up to and including the last day of the Initial Investment Period, the Collateral Manager, in its sole discretion (acting on behalf of the Issuer), may direct some or all amounts standing to the credit of the First Period Reserve Account to be used for (A) the acquisition of Collateral Obligations or (B) to the Principal Account pending such acquisition, subject to and in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Following the Initial Investment Period, all of the funds in the First Period Reserve Account (save for amounts transferred to the Principal Account) (including all interest accrued thereon) shall be transferred to the Interest Account for distribution pursuant to the Interest Priority of Payments.
(xii) Interest Smoothing Account
On the Business Day following each Determination Date save for:
(A) the first Determination Date following the Issue Date;
(B) a Determination Date following the occurrence of a Note Event of Default which is continuing;
(C) the Determination Date immediately prior to any redemption of the Notes in full; and
(D) any Determination Date on or following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event,
the Interest Smoothing Amount (if any) shall be credited to the Interest Smoothing Account from the Interest Account.
The Issuer shall procure, on the Business Day falling after each Payment Date following the Determination Date on which any Interest Smoothing Amount was transferred to the Interest Smoothing Account, such Interest Smoothing Amount is transferred to the Interest Account.
(m) Collateral Manager Advances
The Collateral Manager may, at its discretion, advance to the Issuer from time to time prior to the expiry of the Reinvestment Period (i) to the extent that there are insufficient sums standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account to purchase or exercise rights under Collateral Enhancement Obligations
which the Collateral Manager determines on behalf of the Issuer should be purchased or exercised, amounts required in order to fund such purchase or exercise and (ii) for any other Permitted Use (any such amount, a “Collateral Manager Advance”) pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Each Collateral Manager Advance may bear interest at a rate agreed between the Issuer and the Collateral Manager and notified to the Collateral Administrator in writing, provided that such rate of interest shall not exceed a rate of EURIBOR plus 2.0 per cent. per annum. All such Collateral Manager Advances shall be repaid out of Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds on each Payment Date pursuant to the Priorities of Payment (or on any Business Day, at the Collateral Manager’s discretion, out of the proceeds standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account). Each Collateral Manager Advance shall be in an amount no less than €1,000,000 and the aggregate amount outstanding of all Collateral Manager Advances shall not, at any time, exceed €7,500,000 or such greater number as the Subordinated Noteholders may approve, acting by way of an Ordinary Resolution, provided that only three Collateral Manager Advances may be made.
(n) Unscheduled Payment Dates
The Issuer and the Collateral Manager may (and must if so directed by the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution) designate a date (other than a Scheduled Payment Date and a Redemption Date or the Final Distribution Date) as a Payment Date (each an “Unscheduled Payment Date”) if the following conditions are met:
(i) the proposed Unscheduled Payment Date is a Business Day falling after the date upon which the Rated Notes have been repaid or redeemed in full;
(ii) the Unscheduled Payment Date falls no less than five (5) Business Days after the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) has notified the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the Principal Paying Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) of the intended date of the unscheduled payment;
(iii) the proposed Unscheduled Payment Date falls more than five (5) Business Days prior to a Scheduled Payment Date; and
(iv) the proposed Unscheduled Payment Date falls no less than five (5) Business Days after any Scheduled Payment Date or Unscheduled Payment Date.
(o) Deferral, Waiver or Designation for Reinvestment on the Class Z Notes
Any election by a Class Z Noteholder to irrevocably waive, designate for reinvestment or defer payment of some or all of the amounts that would have been payable to it under the Interest Priority of Payments or the Principal Priority of Payments and provided that the procedures of the clearing systems can facilitate the same must be made in writing and the relevant Class Z Noteholder, as applicable, must provide evidence in writing, together with evidence of its holding and authority to the satisfaction of the Issuer, Trustee and the Collateral Administrator, not later than two Business Days prior to the relevant Determination Date of any amounts to be so applied. No Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts shall accrue interest.
4. Security

(a) Security
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and the Subscription Agreement (together with the obligations owed by the Issuer to the other Secured Parties) are secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties by:
(i) an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s present and future rights, title and interest (and all entitlements or other benefits relating thereto) in respect of all Collateral Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loans, Exchanged Securities, Collateral Enhancement Obligations, Eligible Investments standing to the credit of each of the Accounts (other than the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral
Account(s)) and any other investments (other than the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral), in each case held by the Issuer from time to time (where such rights are contractual rights (other than contractual rights the assignment of which would require the consent of a third party or the entry by the Trustee into an intercreditor agreement or deed) and where such contractual rights arise other than under securities), including, without limitation, moneys received in respect thereof, all dividends and distributions paid or payable thereon, all property paid, distributed, accruing or offered at any time on, to or in respect of or in substitution therefor and the proceeds of sale, repayment and redemption thereof;
(ii) a first fixed charge and first priority security interest granted over all the Issuer’s present and future rights, title and interest (and all entitlements or other benefits relating thereto) in respect of all Collateral Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loans, Exchanged Securities, Collateral Enhancement Obligations, Eligible Investments standing to the credit of each of the Accounts (other than the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account(s)) and any other investments (other than the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral), in each case held by the Issuer (where such assets are securities or contractual rights not assigned by way of security pursuant to paragraph (i) above and which are capable of being the subject of a first fixed charge and first priority security interest), including, without limitation, all moneys received in respect thereof, all dividends and distributions paid or payable thereon, all property paid, distributed, accruing or offered at any time on, to or in respect of or in substitution therefor and the proceeds of sale, repayment and redemption thereof;
(iii) a first fixed charge over all present and future rights of the Issuer in respect of each of the Accounts (other than the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account(s) and the Supplemental Reserve Account) and all moneys from time to time standing to the credit of such Accounts and the debts represented thereby and including, without limitation, all interest accrued and other moneys received in respect thereof;
(iv) a first fixed charge and first priority security interest (where the applicable assets are securities) over, or an assignment by way of security (where the applicable rights are contractual obligations) of, all present and future rights of the Issuer in respect of any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral standing to the credit of the relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account, including, without limitation, all moneys received in respect thereof, all dividends and distributions paid or payable thereon, all property paid, distributed, accruing or offered at any time on, to or in respect of or in substitution therefor and the proceeds of sale, repayment and redemption thereof and over the relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account and all moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account and the debts represented thereby and including, without limitation, all interest accrued and other moneys received in respect thereof, subject, in each case, to the rights of any Hedge Counterparty to Counterparty Downgrade Collateral pursuant to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement and Condition 3(l)(v) (Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts) and any first priority security interest granted by the Issuer to any Hedge Counterparty;
(v) an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s present and future rights against the Custodian under the Agency Agreement (to the extent each relates to the Custody Account) and a first fixed charge over all of the Issuer’s right, title and interest in and to the Custody Account (including each cash account relating to the Custody Account) and any cash held therein and the debts represented thereby;
(vi) an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s present and future rights under each Hedge Agreement and each Hedge Transaction entered into thereunder (including the Issuer’s rights under any guarantee or credit support annex entered into pursuant to any Hedge Agreement, provided that such assignment by way of security is without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any contractual netting or set-off provision contained in the relevant Hedge Agreement and shall not in any way restrict the release of collateral granted thereunder in whole or in part at any time pursuant to the terms thereof);
(vii) a first fixed charge over all moneys held from time to time by the Principal Paying Agent and any other Agent for payment of principal, interest or other amounts on the Notes (if any);
(viii) an assignment by way of security of all the Issuer’s present and future rights under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Subscription Agreement, each Collateral Acquisition Agreement, each other Transaction Document and each Reporting Agreement, and, in each case, all sums derived therefrom; and
(ix) a floating charge over the whole of the Issuer’s undertaking and assets to the extent that such undertaking and assets are not subject to any other security created pursuant to the Trust Deed,
excluding for the purposes of paragraphs (i) to (ix) (inclusive) above:
(A) the Issuer’s rights under the Corporate Services Agreement; and
(B) any and all amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Profit Account.
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the obligation of the Issuer to make the payments in respect thereof referred to in the Priorities of Payment are secured in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Subordinated Noteholders and the Collateral Manager by a first fixed charge over all present and future rights of the Issuer in respect of the Supplemental Reserve Account.
The security created pursuant to paragraphs (i) to (ix) (inclusive) above is granted to the Trustee for itself and as trustee for the Secured Parties as continuing security for the payment of the Secured Obligations provided that the security granted by the Issuer over any collateral provided to the Issuer pursuant to a Hedge Agreement will only be available to the Secured Parties (other than with respect to the collateral provided to the relevant Hedge Counterparty pursuant to such Hedge Agreement and Condition 3(l)(v) (Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts)) when such collateral is expressed to be available to the Issuer pursuant to the applicable Hedge Agreement and Condition 3(l)(v) (Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account) and (if a title transfer arrangement) to the extent that no equivalent amount is owed to the Hedge Counterparty pursuant to the relevant Hedge Agreement and/or Condition 3(l)(v) (Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts). The security will extend to the ultimate balance of all sums payable by the Issuer in respect of the above, regardless of any intermediate payment or discharge in whole or in part.
If, for any reason, the purported assignment by way of security of, and/or the grant of first fixed charges over, the property, assets, rights and/or benefits described above is found to be ineffective in respect of any such property, assets, rights and/or benefits (together, the “Affected Collateral”), the Issuer shall hold to the fullest extent permitted under Irish or any other mandatory law the benefit of the Affected Collateral and any sums received in respect thereof or any security interest, guarantee or indemnity or undertaking of whatever nature given to secure such Affected Collateral (together, the “Trust Collateral”) on trust for the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties (or, in the case of the security purported to be granted over the Supplemental Reserve Account, for the benefit of the Subordinated Noteholders and the Collateral Manager) and shall (i) account to the Trustee for or otherwise apply all sums received in respect of such Trust Collateral as the Trustee may direct (provided that, subject to the Conditions and the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, if no Note Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Issuer shall be entitled to apply the benefit of such Trust Collateral and such sums in respect of such Trust Collateral received by it and held on trust under this paragraph without prior direction from the Trustee), (ii) exercise any rights it may have in respect of the Trust Collateral at the direction of the Trustee and (iii) at its own cost take such action and execute such documents as the Trustee may in its sole discretion require.
The Issuer may from time to time grant security:
(1) by way of a first priority security interest to a Hedge Counterparty over a Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account and any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral deposited by such Hedge Counterparty in the relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account as
security for any obligation of the Issuer to pay amounts to the relevant Hedge Counterparty pursuant to the terms of the applicable Hedge Agreement and Condition 3(l)(v) (Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts) (subject to such security documentation as may be agreed between such third party, the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer and the Trustee);
(2) by way of first priority security interest over amounts representing all or part of the Unfunded Amount of any Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and deposited in its name with a third party as security for any reimbursement or indemnification obligation of the Issuer owed to any other lender under such Revolving Obligation or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, subject to the terms of Condition 3(l)(vii) (Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account) (including Rating Agency Confirmation); and/or
(3) by way of first priority security interest over all of the Issuer’s future rights, title and interest (and all entitlements and other benefits relating thereto), to the fullest extent possible, in any Issuer Subsidiary that may be incorporated from time to time in favour of the Trustee as security for the Secured Obligations (subject to such security documentation as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Trustee).
All deeds, documents, assignments, instruments, bonds, notes, negotiable instruments, papers and any other instruments comprising, evidencing, representing and/or transferring the Portfolio will be deposited with or held by or on behalf of the Custodian until the security over such obligations is irrevocably discharged in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. In the event that the ratings of the Custodian are downgraded to below the Rating Requirement or withdrawn, the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to procure that a replacement Custodian with the Rating Requirement is appointed on substantially the same terms of the Agency Agreement.
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Trustee is exempted from any liability in respect of any loss or theft or reduction in value of the Collateral, from any obligation to insure the Collateral and from any claim arising from the fact that the Collateral is held in a clearing system or in safe custody by the Custodian, a bank or other custodian. The Trustee has no responsibility for ensuring that the Custodian, the Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent or any Hedge Counterparty satisfies the Rating Requirement applicable to it or, in the event of its failure to satisfy such Rating Requirement, to procure the appointment of a replacement custodian, account bank, principal paying agent or hedge counterparty. The Trustee has no responsibility for the management of the Portfolio by the Collateral Manager or to supervise the administration of the Portfolio by the Collateral Administrator or by any other party and is entitled to rely on the certificates or notices of any relevant party without enquiry or liability. The Trust Deed also provides that the Trustee shall accept without investigation, requisition or objection such right, benefit, title and interest, if any, as the Issuer may have in and to any of the Collateral and is not bound to make any investigation into the same or into the Collateral in any respect.
(b) Application of Proceeds upon Enforcement
The Trust Deed provides that the net proceeds of realisation of or enforcement with respect to the security over the Collateral constituted by the Trust Deed shall be applied in accordance with the priorities of payment set out in Condition 11 (Enforcement).
(c) Limited Recourse and Non-Petition
The obligations of the Issuer to pay amounts due and payable in respect of the Notes and to the other Secured Parties at any time shall be limited to the proceeds available at such time to make such payments in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or any other Transaction Document, if the net proceeds of realisation of the security constituted by the Trust Deed, upon enforcement thereof in accordance with Condition 11 (Enforcement) and the provisions of the Trust Deed or otherwise are less than the aggregate amount payable in such
circumstances by the Issuer in respect of the Notes and to the other Secured Parties (such negative amount being referred to herein as a “shortfall”), the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes of each Class and its obligations to the other Secured Parties in such circumstances will be limited to such net proceeds, which shall be applied in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. In such circumstances, the other assets (including the Issuer Profit Account and its rights under the Corporate Services Agreement) of the Issuer will not be available for payment of such shortfall which shall be borne by the Class A Noteholders, the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders, the Reinvesting Noteholders (if any), the Subordinated Noteholders and the other Secured Parties in accordance with the Priorities of Payment (applied in reverse order). In such circumstances the rights of the Secured Parties to receive any further amounts in respect of such obligations shall be extinguished and none of the Noteholders of each Class or the other Secured Parties may take any further action to recover such amounts. None of the Noteholders of any Class, the Trustee, the other Secured Parties (or any other person acting on behalf of any of them) shall be entitled at any time to institute against the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary, or join in any institution against the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary of, any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, examination, insolvency, winding up or liquidation proceedings or other proceedings under any applicable bankruptcy or similar law in connection with any obligations of the Issuer relating to the Notes of any Class, the Trust Deed or otherwise owed to the Secured Parties, save for lodging a claim in the liquidation of the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary which is initiated by another non-Affiliated party or taking proceedings to obtain a declaration as to the obligations of the Issuer nor shall any of them have a claim arising in respect of the share capital of the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary, and without limitation to the Trustee’s right to enforce and/or realise the security constituted by the Trust Deed (including by appointing a receiver or an administrative receiver).
In addition, none of the Noteholders or any of the other Secured Parties shall have any recourse against any director, shareholder or officer of the Issuer in respect of any obligations, covenants or agreements entered into or made by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of these Conditions or any other Transaction Document to which the Issuer is a party or any notice or documents which it is requested to deliver hereunder or thereunder.
None of the Trustee, the Directors, the Corporate Services Provider, the shareholders or any officer of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Collateral Manager and any Agent has any obligation to any Noteholder of any Class for payment of any amount by the Issuer in respect of the Notes of any Class.
The terms of this Condition shall survive any cancellation or redemption of the Notes.
(d) Exercise of Rights in Respect of the Portfolio
Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Issuer authorises the Collateral Manager, prior to enforcement of the security over the Collateral, to exercise all rights and remedies of the Issuer in its capacity as a holder of, or person beneficially entitled to, the Portfolio. In particular, the Collateral Manager is authorised, subject to any specific direction given by the Issuer, to attend and vote at any meeting of holders of, or other persons interested or participating in, or entitled to the rights or benefits (or a part thereof) under, the Portfolio and to give any consent, waiver, indulgence, time or notification, make any declaration or agree any composition, compounding or other similar arrangement with respect to any obligations forming part of the Portfolio.
(e) Information Regarding the Collateral
The Issuer shall procure that a copy of each Monthly Report and Payment Date Report is made available via the Reporting Website to any Relevant Recipient.
5. Covenants of and Restrictions on the Issuer
(a) Covenants of the Issuer
Unless otherwise provided in the Transaction Documents, the Issuer covenants to the Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Notes that, for so long as any Note remains Outstanding, the Issuer will:
(i) take such steps as are reasonable to enforce all its rights:
(A) under the Trust Deed;
(B) in respect of the Collateral;
(C) under the Agency Agreement;
(D) under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement;
(E) under the Corporate Services Agreement;
(F) under each Collateral Acquisition Agreement;
(G) under any Hedge Agreement; and
(H) in respect of the Retention Undertaking Letter;
(ii) comply with its obligations under the Notes, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party;
(iii) keep proper books of account;
(iv) at all times maintain its tax residence in Ireland and outside the United Kingdom and the United States and will not establish a branch, agency, permanent establishment (other than the appointment of the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement) or place of business (save for the activities conducted by the Collateral Manager on its behalf) or register as a company in the United Kingdom or the United States and shall not do or permit anything within its control which might result in its residence being considered to be outside Ireland for tax purposes;
(v) maintain its central management and control and its place of effective management only in Ireland and in particular shall not be treated under any of the double taxation treaties entered into by Ireland as being resident in any other jurisdiction;
(vi) conduct its business and affairs such that, at all times:
(A) it shall maintain its registered office in Ireland;
(B) it shall hold all meetings of its board of Directors in Ireland and take reasonable steps to satisfy itself that all of its Directors are resident solely in Ireland for tax purposes, that they will exercise their control over the business of the Issuer independently and that those Directors (acting independently) exercise their authority only from and within Ireland by taking all key decisions relating to the Issuer in Ireland;
(C) it shall not open or establish any office or branch, permanent establishment or place of business outside of Ireland (ignoring for this purpose the appointment of the Collateral Manager pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement);
(D) (save to the extent necessary for the Issuer to comply with its obligations under the Transaction Documents) it shall not knowingly cause its “centre of main interests” (within the meaning of the European Insolvency Regulation 2015/848 (the “Insolvency Regulations”) to be located in any jurisdiction other than Ireland and will not establish any offices, branches or other establishments (as defined in the Insolvency Regulations) or register as a company in any jurisdiction other than Ireland (other than in respect of any Issuer Subsidiary);
(vii) pay its debts generally as they fall due;
(viii) do all such things as are necessary to maintain its corporate existence;
(ix) use its best endeavours to obtain and maintain the listing on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin of the outstanding Notes of each Class. If, however, it is unable to do so, having used such endeavours, or if the maintenance of such listings are agreed by the Trustee to be unduly onerous and the Trustee is satisfied that the interests of the holders of the Outstanding Notes of each Class would not thereby be materially prejudiced, the Issuer will instead use all reasonable endeavours promptly to obtain and thereafter to maintain a listing for such Notes on such other stock exchange(s) as it may (with the approval of the Trustee) decide, provided that any such other stock exchange is
(a) a recognised stock exchange for the purposes of section 64 of the TCA and (b) a recognised stock exchange for the purposes of section 1005 of the United Kingdom Income Tax Act 2007;
(x) supply such information to the Rating Agencies as they may reasonably request;
(xi) ensure that its tax residence is and remains at all times in Ireland;
(xii) ensure an agent is appointed to assist in creating and maintaining the Issuer’s website to enable the Rating Agencies to comply with Rule 17g-5;
(xiii) act as an entity that issues notes to investors and uses the majority of the proceeds to purchase interests in loans from one or more other lenders within the meaning of the 2012 European Central Bank guidance to Regulation (EC) No. 24/2009 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2008; and
(xiv) as soon as reasonably practicable, notify the Sole Arranger, the Initial Purchaser, the Trustee, each Hedge Counterparty, the Collateral Manager, the Rating Agencies and the Noteholders upon becoming aware of the occurrence of any of the events specified in Article 7(1)(f) and (g) of the Securitisation Regulation and, without delay, take all reasonable steps to ensure that such information is made available as required by the EU Transparency Requirements.
(b) Restrictions on the Issuer
For so long as any of the Notes remain Outstanding, save as provided in the Transaction Documents, the Issuer covenants to the holders of such Outstanding Notes that (to the extent applicable) it will not, without the prior written consent of the Trustee:
(i) sell, factor, discount, transfer, assign, lend or otherwise dispose of any of its right, title or interest in or to the Collateral, other than in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, nor will it create or permit to be outstanding any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, encumbrance or other security interest over the Collateral except in accordance with the Trust Deed, these Conditions or the Transaction Documents;
(ii) sell, factor, discount, transfer, assign, lend or otherwise dispose of, nor create or permit to be outstanding any mortgage, pledge, lien, charge, encumbrance or other security interest over, any of its other property or assets or any part thereof or interest therein other than in accordance with the Trust Deed, a Hedge Agreement, these Conditions or the Transaction Documents;
(iii) engage in any business other than:
(A) acquiring and holding any property, assets or rights that are capable of being effectively charged in favour of the Trustee or that are capable of being held on trust by the Issuer in favour of the Trustee under the Trust Deed;
(B) issuing and performing its obligations under the Notes;
(C) entering into, exercising its rights and performing its obligations under or enforcing its rights under the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, as applicable; or
(D) performing any act incidental to or necessary in connection with any of the above;
(iv) amend or agree to any amendment to any term or Condition of the Notes of any Class (save in accordance with these Conditions and the Trust Deed);
(v) agree to any amendment to any provision of, or grant any waiver or consent under, the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party (save in accordance with these Conditions and the Trust Deed and, in the case of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the terms thereof);
(vi) guarantee or incur any indebtedness for borrowed money, other than in respect of:
(A) the Notes (including the issuance of additional Notes pursuant to Condition 17 (Additional Issuances)) or any document entered into in connection with the Notes or the sale thereof or any additional Notes or the sale thereof;
(B) any Refinancing; or
(C) as otherwise contemplated or permitted pursuant to the Trust Deed or the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement;
(vii) amend its constitution except for mandatory changes required by law;
(viii) have any subsidiaries (other than Issuer Subsidiaries) or establish any offices, branches or other “establishment” (as that term is used in article 2(10) of the Insolvency Regulations) outside of Ireland;
(ix) have any employees (for the avoidance of doubt the Directors of the Issuer do not constitute employees);
(x) enter into any reconstruction, amalgamation, merger or consolidation;
(xi) convey or transfer all or a substantial part of its properties or assets (in one or a series of transactions) to any person, otherwise than as contemplated in these Conditions;
(xii) issue any shares (other than the shares that are in issue as at the Issue Date) nor redeem or purchase any of its issued share capital;
(xiii) enter into any material agreement or contract with any Person (other than an agreement on customary market terms which for the avoidance of doubt will include agreements to buy and sell obligations and documentation relating to restructurings (including steering committee indemnity letters) and any agreement with the Issuer’s independent accountant), unless such contract or agreement contains “limited recourse” and “non-petition” provisions and each such Person agrees that it shall not take any action or institute any proceeding against the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary under any insolvency law applicable to the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary or which would reasonably be likely to cause the Issuer or any Issuer Subsidiary to be subject to or seek protection of any such insolvency law; provided that such Person shall be permitted to become a party to and to participate in any proceeding or action under any such insolvency law that is initiated by any other Person other than one of its Affiliates;
(xiv) otherwise than as contemplated in the Transaction Documents, release from or terminate the appointment of the Custodian or the Account Bank under the Agency Agreement or the Collateral Manager or the Collateral Administrator under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (including, in each case, any transactions entered into thereunder) or, in each case, any executory obligation thereunder;
(xv) commingle its assets with those of any other Person or entity;
(xvi) enter into any lease in respect of, or own, premises;
(xvii) enter into any transaction or arrangement otherwise than by way of a bargain made at arm’s length;
(xviii) act as an entity that issues notes to investors and uses the proceeds to grant new loans on its own account, but rather purchases loans from another lender (for the purposes of Regulation (EC) No. 24/2009 of the European Central Bank);
(xix) incorporate any Issuer Subsidiary other than in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents;
(xx) take any action which would cause it to cease to be a “qualifying company” within the meaning of Section 110; or
(xxi) acquire any Collateral Obligations or any other obligations or securities issued by its partners or shareholders (if any).
6. Interest
(a) Payment Dates
(i) Rated Notes
The Rated Notes each bear interest from (and including) the Issue Date and such interest will be payable (A) in the case of interest accrued during the initial Accrual Period, for the period from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the Payment Date falling in July 2021, (B) thereafter, at any time prior to the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, quarterly and (C) at any time following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, semi-annually, in each case, for the period from (and including) the preceding Payment Date (or in the case of the first Payment Date, the Issue Date) to (but excluding) the following Payment Date, in each case in arrear on each Payment Date.
(ii) Class Z Notes
Interest shall be payable on the Class Z Notes to the extent funds are available and subject to and in accordance with paragraph (X) of the Interest Proceeds Priority of Payments, paragraph (S) of the Principal Proceeds Priority of Payments and paragraph (R) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments on each Payment Date.
(iii) Subordinated Notes
Interest shall be payable on the Subordinated Notes to the extent funds are available in accordance with paragraph (DD) of the Interest Priority of Payments, paragraph (U) of the Principal Priority of Payments and paragraph (W) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments on each Payment Date or other relevant payment date and shall continue to be payable in accordance with this Condition 6 (Interest) notwithstanding redemption in full of any Subordinated Note at its applicable Redemption Price.
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions or the Trust Deed, all references herein and therein to the Subordinated Notes being redeemed in full or at their Principal Amount Outstanding shall be deemed to be amended to the extent required to ensure that a minimum of €1 principal amount of each such Class of Notes remains Outstanding at all times and any amounts which are to be applied in redemption of each such Class of Notes pursuant hereto which are in excess of the Principal Amount Outstanding thereof minus €1 shall constitute interest payable in respect of such Notes and shall not be applied in redemption of the Principal Amount Outstanding thereof, provided always however that such €1 principal shall no longer remain Outstanding and each such Class of Notes shall be redeemed in full on the date on which all of the Collateral securing the Notes has been realised and is to be finally distributed to the Noteholders.
If the aggregate of income and gains earned by the Issuer during an accounting period exceeds the costs and expenses accrued for that period, such excess shall accrue as additional interest on the Subordinated Notes but shall only be payable on any Payment Date or other payment date following
payment in full of amounts payable pursuant to the Priorities of Payment on such Payment Date or other payment date.
(b) Interest Accrual
(i) Rated Notes
Each Rated Note (or, as the case may be, the relevant part thereof due to be redeemed) will cease to bear interest from the due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, it shall continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6 (Interest) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (A) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (B) the day following seven days after the Trustee or the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders of such Class of Notes in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of receipt of all sums due in respect of all the Notes of such Class up to that seventh day (except to the extent that there is failure in the subsequent payment to the relevant holders under these Conditions).
(ii) Class Z Notes
Payments on the Class Z Notes will cease to be payable in respect of each Class Z Note and each Class Z Note shall be deemed to have been redeemed and cancelled upon the date that all of the Collateral has been realised and no Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds or, where applicable, other net proceeds of enforcement of the security over the Collateral remain available for distribution in accordance with the Priorities of Payment, the final Class Z Noteholder Amount having been paid thereon subject to and in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments.
(iii) Subordinated Notes
Payments on the Subordinated Notes will cease to be payable in respect of each Subordinated Note upon the date that all of the Collateral has been realised and no Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds or, where applicable, other net proceeds of enforcement of the security over the Collateral remain available for distribution in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
(c) Deferral of Interest
(i) The Issuer shall, and shall only be obliged to, pay any Interest Amount payable in respect of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, or any Class Z Noteholder Amount payable in respect of the Class Z Notes in full on any Payment Date in each case to the extent that there are Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds available for payment thereof in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
(ii) In the case of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes or the Class F Notes, an amount of interest equal to any shortfall in payment of the Interest Amount which would, but for the first paragraph of this Condition 6(c) (Deferral of Interest) otherwise be due and payable in respect of such Class on any Payment Date (each such amount being referred to as “Deferred Interest”) will not be payable on such Payment Date, but will be added to the principal amount of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes or the Class F Notes, as applicable, and thereafter will accrue interest at the rate of interest applicable to that Class, and the failure to pay such Deferred Interest to the holders of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes or the Class F Notes, as applicable, will not be a Note Event of Default until the Maturity Date or any earlier date on which the Notes are to be redeemed in full.
(d) Payment of Deferred Interest
Deferred Interest in respect of any Class C Note, Class D Note, Class E Note or Class F Note shall only become payable by the Issuer in accordance with the relevant paragraphs of the Interest Priority of Payments, the Principal Priority of Payments and the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments and under the Note Payment Sequence in each place specified in the Priorities of Payment, to the extent that Interest
Proceeds or Principal Proceeds, as applicable, or, where applicable, other net proceeds of enforcement of the security over the Collateral, are available to make such payment in accordance with the Priorities of Payment (and, if applicable, the Note Payment Sequence). Deferred Interest on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and/or the Class F Notes, as applicable, will be added to the principal amount of the relevant Class, as applicable. An amount equal to any such Deferred Interest so paid shall be subtracted from the principal amount of the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and/or the Class F Notes, as applicable.
(e) Interest on the Rated Notes
(i) Floating Rate of Interest
The rate of interest (each, a “Rate of Interest”) from time to time in respect of the Class A Notes (the “Class A Rate of Interest”), in respect of the Class B-1 Notes (the “Class B-1 Rate of Interest”), in respect of the Class C Notes (the “Class C Rate of Interest”), in respect of the Class D Notes (the “Class D Rate of Interest”), in respect of the Class E Notes (the “Class E Rate of Interest”) and in respect of the Class F Notes (the “Class F Rate of Interest”) will in each case be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis:
(A) On each Interest Determination Date
(1) in the case of the initial Accrual Period, the Calculation Agent will determine a straight line interpolation of the offered rate for 6 month and 12 month Euro deposits;
(2) in the case of each Interest Determination Date, other than the initial Interest Determination Date and prior to the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, the Calculation Agent will determine (i) the offered rate for 6 month Euro deposits; and (ii) the offered rate for 3 month Euro deposits; and
(3) in the case of each Interest Determination Date following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, the Calculation Agent will determine the offered rate for 6 month Euro deposits,
in each case, as at 11.00 am (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question (“EURIBOR”). Such offered rate will be that which appears on the display designated on the Bloomberg Screen “BTMM EU” Page (or such other page or service as may replace it for the purpose of displaying EURIBOR rates). The Class A Rate of Interest, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest, the Class C Rate of Interest, the Class D Rate of Interest, the Class E Rate of Interest and the Class F Rate of Interest for each Accrual Period shall be the aggregate of the Applicable Margin (as defined below) and, in respect of (i) the initial Accrual Period; the quotations referred to in paragraph (1) above; and (ii) each three month Accrual Period, the quotations referred to in paragraph (2)(ii) above; and (iii) each six month Accrual Period, the quotations referred to in paragraph (2)(i) or (3) above (as applicable), in each case as determined by the Calculation Agent.
If the offered rate so appearing is replaced by the corresponding rates of more than one bank then paragraph (A) shall be applied, with any necessary consequential changes, to the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards)) of the rates (being at least two) which so appear, as determined by the Calculation Agent. If for any other reason such offered rate does not so appear, or if the relevant page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will request each of four major banks in the Euro zone interbank market (selected by the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) acting in each case through its principal Euro zone office (the “Reference Banks”) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation to leading banks for Euro deposits in the Euro zone interbank market:
(a) in the case of the initial Accrual Period, for a straight line interpolation of the offered quotation for 6 month and 12 month Euro deposits;
(b) in respect of each Interest Determination Date, other than the initial Interest Determination Date and prior to the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, for a period of (i) 6 months; and (ii) 3 months; and,
(c) in respect of each Interest Determination Date following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, for a period of 6 months,
in each case, as at 11.00 am (Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. The Class A Rate of Interest, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest, the Class C Rate of Interest, the Class D Rate of Interest, the Class E Rate of Interest and the Class F Rate of Interest for such Accrual Period shall be the aggregate of the Applicable Margin (if any) and the arithmetic mean, in each case, (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 being rounded upwards)) of, in respect of (i) the initial Accrual Period; the quotations referred to in paragraph (a) above; and (ii) each 3 month Accrual Period, the quotations referred to in paragraph (b)(ii) above; and (iii) each 6 month Accrual Period, the quotations referred to in paragraph (b) (i) or (c) above (as applicable) (or of such quotations, being at least two, as are so provided), all as determined by the Calculation Agent.
(B) If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides such quotations, the Class A Rate of Interest, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest, the Class C Rate of Interest, the Class D Rate of Interest, the Class E Rate of Interest and the Class F Rate of Interest, respectively, for the next Accrual Period shall be the Class A Rate of Interest, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest, the Class C Rate of Interest, the Class D Rate of Interest, the Class E Rate of Interest and the Class F Rate of Interest in each case in effect as at the immediately preceding Accrual Period; provided that in respect of any Accrual Period during which a Frequency Switch Event occurs, the Class A Rate of Interest, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest, the Class C Rate of Interest, the Class D Rate of Interest, the Class E Rate of Interest and the Class F Rate of Interest shall be calculated using the offered rate for six month Euro deposits using the rate available as at the previous Interest Determination Date provided that for so long as the Rate of Interest is determined in accordance with this Condition 6(e)(i)(B) (Floating Rate of Interest), in respect of each Interest Determination Date the Collateral Manager shall use commercially reasonable efforts to implement an Alternative Base Rate for the Floating Rate Notes in accordance with Condition 14(c)(LL) (Modification and Waiver).
(C) Where:
“Applicable Margin” means:
(i) in the case of the Class A Notes: 1.10 per cent. per annum (the “Class A Margin”);
(ii) in the case of the Class B-1 Notes: 1.80 per cent. per annum (the “Class B-1 Margin”);
(iii) in the case of the Class C Notes: 3.00 per cent. per annum (the “Class C Margin”);
(iv) in the case of the Class D Notes: 4.50 per cent. per annum (the “Class D Margin”);
(v) in the case of the Class E Notes: 6.82 per cent. per annum (the “Class E Margin”); and
(vi) in the case of the Class F Notes: 8.38 per cent. per annum (the “Class F Margin”)
(D) Notwithstanding paragraphs (A) and (B) above, if, in relation to any Interest Determination Date, EURIBOR in respect of any Class of Rated Notes as determined in accordance with paragraphs (A) and (B) above would yield a rate less than zero, such EURIBOR rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of determining the Rate of Interest pursuant to this Condition 6(e)(i) (Floating Rate of Interest).
(ii) Determination of Floating Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amount
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable (and in any event (i) for each Accrual Period following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event, not later than the Business Day following the relevant Interest Determination Date; and (ii) for each Accrual Period prior to the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event and for any Accrual Period during which a Frequency Switch Event occurs, not later than the Determination Date immediately preceding the relevant Payment Date), determine the Class A Rate of Interest, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest, the Class C Rate of Interest, the Class D Rate of Interest, the Class E Rate of Interest and the Class F Rate of Interest and calculate the interest amount payable in respect of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, the Class B-1 Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes applicable thereto for the relevant Accrual Period. The amount of interest (an “Interest Amount”) payable shall be calculated by applying the Class A Rate of Interest in the case of the Class A Notes, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest in the case of the Class B-1 Notes, the Class C Rate of Interest in the case of the Class C Notes, the Class D Rate of Interest in the case of the Class D Notes, the Class E Rate of Interest in the case of the Class E Notes, the Class F Rate of Interest in the case of the Class F Notes, respectively, to an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding, multiplying the product by the actual number of days in the Accrual Period concerned, divided by 360 and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest €0.01 (€0.005 being rounded upwards).
(iii) Fixed Rate of Interest
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (an “Interest Amount”) payable in respect of the Class B-2 Notes for the relevant Accrual Period, by applying the Class B-2 Fixed Rate of Interest to an amount equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding, multiplying the product thereof by the number of days in the Accrual Period concerned (the number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 months of 30 days each), divided by 360 and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest €0.01 (€0.005 being rounded upwards), where:
“Class B-2 Fixed Rate of Interest” means 2.10 per cent. per annum.
(iv) Reference Banks and Calculation Agent
The Issuer will procure that, so long as any Class A Note, Class B-1 Note, Class C Note, Class D Note, Class E Note or Class F Note remains Outstanding:
(A) a Calculation Agent shall be appointed and maintained for the purposes of determining the interest rate and interest amount payable in respect of the Notes; and
(B) in the event that the Class A Rate of Interest, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest, the Class C Rate of Interest, the Class D Rate of Interest, the Class E Rate of Interest and the Class F Rate of Interest are to be calculated by Reference Banks pursuant to paragraph (A) of Condition 6(e)(i) (Floating Rate of Interest), that the number of Reference Banks required pursuant to such paragraph (A) are requested to provide a quotation.
If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to continue to act as the Calculation Agent for the purpose of calculating interest hereunder or fails duly to establish any Rate of Interest for any Accrual Period, or to calculate the Interest Amount on any Class of Rated Notes, the Issuer shall (with the prior approval of the Trustee) appoint some other leading bank to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been so appointed.
(f) Interest Proceeds in respect of Class Z Notes and Subordinated Notes
In respect of the Class Z Notes, the Collateral Administrator will on each Determination Date calculate each Class Z Noteholder Amount in accordance with the definition thereof, in each case, rounding the resultant figure to the nearest €0.01 (€0.005 being rounded upwards) and with each Class Z Note entitled to its pro rata share of any such amount.
Solely in respect of Subordinated Notes, the Collateral Administrator will as of each Determination Date calculate the Interest Proceeds payable to the extent of available funds in respect of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Subordinated Notes for the relevant Accrual Period. The Interest Proceeds payable on each Payment Date in respect of the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Subordinated Notes shall be calculated by calculating the amount of Interest Proceeds to be applied on the Subordinated Notes on the applicable Payment Date pursuant to paragraph (DD) of the Interest Priority of Payments, paragraph
(U) of the Principal Priority of Payments and paragraph (W) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments.
(g) Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts and Deferred Interest
The Calculation Agent (and, in respect of the Class Z Notes, upon receipt of such information from the Collateral Administrator) will cause the Class A Rate of Interest, the Class B-1 Rate of Interest, the Class B-2 Fixed Rate of Interest, the Class C Rate of Interest, the Class D Rate of Interest, the Class E Rate of Interest and the Class F Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts payable in respect of each Class of Rated Notes, the amount of any Deferred Interest due but not paid on any Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes or Class F Notes for each Accrual Period and Payment Date, and following the occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event on any Frequency Switch Measurement Date, the Class Z Noteholder Amounts payable in respect of the Class Z Notes and the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Class of Notes as of the applicable Payment Date, to be notified to the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and the Collateral Manager, as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Business Day thereafter, and the Principal Paying Agent shall cause each such rate, amount and date and occurrence of a Frequency Switch Event to be notified to the Noteholders of each Class in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as possible following notification to the Principal Paying Agent but in no event later than the third Business Day after such notification. The Interest Amounts in respect of the Rated Notes or the Payment Date in respect of any Class so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Trustee by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Accrual Period. If any of the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default), interest shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this Condition 6 (Interest) but no publication of the applicable Interest Amounts shall be made unless the Trustee so determines.
(h) Notifications, etc. to be Final
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 6 (Interest), whether by the Reference Banks (or any of them) or the Calculation Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Reference Banks or, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee, the Registrar, the Principal Paying Agent, the Transfer Agent and all Noteholders and no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders of any Class shall attach to the Reference Banks or the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions under this Condition 6(h) (Notifications, etc. to be Final).
7. Redemption and Purchase
(a) Final Redemption
Subject to Condition 6(a)(iii) (Subordinated Notes), save to the extent previously redeemed in full and cancelled, the Notes of each Class (other than the Class Z Notes which shall be redeemed in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Mandatory Redemption of the Class Z Notes) will be redeemed on the Maturity Date of such Notes at their Redemption Price in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence and the Priorities of Payment. Notes may not be redeemed other than in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase).
(b) Optional Redemption
(i) Optional Redemption in Whole – Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager
Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(b)(vi) (Terms and Conditions of an Optional Redemption), and, in the case of an optional redemption effected through Refinancing or liquidation, Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing) and/or Condition 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only), as applicable, the Rated Notes may be redeemed in whole but not in part by the Issuer at the applicable Redemption Prices on any Business Day falling on or after expiry of the Non-Call Period:
(A) by way of a Refinancing, at the option of (A) the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution), subject to the consent of the Collateral Manager or (B) the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution); and
(B) solely through the liquidation or realisation of the Portfolio, at the option of (A) the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) or (B) the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution).
(ii) Optional Redemption in Part – Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager
Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(b)(vi) (Terms and Conditions of an Optional Redemption) and Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing), the Rated Notes of any Class may be redeemed by the Issuer at the applicable Redemption Prices, from Refinancing Proceeds (in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing) below) on any Business Day falling on or after expiry of the Non-Call Period (A) at the direction of both the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) and the Collateral Manager, or (B) at the written direction of the Collateral Manager, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution), to redeem such Class of Rated Notes.
No such Optional Redemption may occur unless the Rated Notes to be redeemed represent the entire Class of such Rated Notes.
(iii) Optional Redemption upon the occurrence of a Collateral Tax Event
Subject to the provisions of Condition 7(b)(vi) (Terms and Conditions of an Optional Redemption), and, in the case of an optional redemption effected through Refinancing or liquidation, Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing) and/or Condition 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only), as applicable, the Rated Notes may be redeemed in whole but not in part by the Issuer upon the occurrence of a Collateral Tax Event, on any Business Day falling after such occurrence at the direction of (A) the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution, with the consent of the Collateral Manager, or (B) the Collateral Manager (as evidenced by duly completed Redemption Notices).
(iv) Optional Redemption in Whole – Clean-up Call
Subject to the provisions of Conditions 7(b)(vi) (Terms and Conditions of an Optional Redemption) and 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only), the Rated Notes shall be redeemed in whole but not in part by the Issuer, at the applicable Redemption Prices, from Sale Proceeds on any Business Day falling on or after expiry of the Non-Call Period if, upon or at any time following the expiry of the Non-Call Period, the Collateral Principal Amount is less than 20 per cent. of the Target Par Amount and such redemption is directed in writing by the Collateral Manager.
(v) Optional Redemption of Subordinated Notes
The Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at their Redemption Price, in whole but not in part, on any Business Day on or after the redemption or repayment in full of the Rated Notes, at the direction of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by Ordinary Resolution) or at the direction of the Collateral Manager.
(vi) Terms and Conditions of an Optional Redemption In connection with any Optional Redemption:
(A) the Issuer shall procure that at least 15 days’ prior to the scheduled Redemption Date of such Optional Redemption (but stating that such redemption is subject to satisfaction of the conditions set out in this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), including the applicable Redemption Date, and the relevant Redemption Price therefor) written notice is given to the Collateral Manager, the Trustee, each Hedge Counterparty and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices));
(B) the Rated Notes to be redeemed shall be redeemed at their applicable Redemption Prices (subject, in the case of an Optional Redemption of the Rated Notes in whole, the holders of 100 per cent. of the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Class of Rated Notes may elect to receive less than 100 per cent. of the Redemption Price that would otherwise be payable to the holders of such Class of Rated Notes). Such right shall be exercised by delivery by each holder of the relevant Class of Rated Notes of a written direction confirming such holder’s election to receive less than 100 per cent. of the Redemption Price that would otherwise be payable to it, together with evidence of their holding to the Issuer and the Collateral Manager no later than 15 days’ (or such shorter period of time as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator) prior to the relevant Redemption Date;
(C) any such redemption must comply with the procedures set out in Condition 7(b)(x) (Mechanics of Redemption); and
(D) any redemption in part of the Notes pursuant to Condition 7(b)(ii) (Optional Redemption in Part
– Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager) may be effected from Refinancing Proceeds in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing) below.
(vii) Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing
Following receipt of, or, as the case may be, confirmation from the Principal Paying Agent of receipt of any direction to exercise any right of optional redemption pursuant to Condition 7(b)(i) (Optional Redemption in Whole – Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager), Condition 7(b)(ii) (Optional Redemption in Part – Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager), or Condition 7(b)(iii) (Optional Redemption upon the occurrence of a Collateral Tax Event), the Issuer may:
(1) in the case of a redemption in whole of all Classes of Rated Notes, (x) enter into a loan (as borrower thereunder) with one or more financial institutions or (y) issue replacement notes; and
(2) in the case of a redemption in part of the entire Class of Rated Notes, issue replacement notes,
(each, a “Refinancing Obligation”),
whose terms in each case will be negotiated by the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer (any such refinancing, a “Refinancing”). The terms of any Refinancing are subject to the prior written consent of the Collateral Manager provided that other than Refinancing terms that are not deemed to be substantive in nature (including to provide for meeting the requirements under
Condition 7(b)(vii)(B) (Refinancing in relation to a Redemption in Part) or that are otherwise permitted under Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver)), any consequential amendments (including any extension of the Maturity Date of the Subordinated Notes, any extension or reinstatement of the Non-Call Period and any amendment to the date specified in the Weighted Average Life Test) are also subject to the prior written consent of the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by Ordinary Resolution) and each Refinancing is required to satisfy the conditions described in this Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing).
Refinancing Proceeds may be applied in addition to (or in place of) Sale Proceeds in the redemption of the Rated Notes in whole pursuant to Condition 7(b)(i) (Optional Redemption in Whole – Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager). In addition, Refinancing Proceeds may be applied in the redemption of the Rated Notes in part by Class pursuant to Condition 7(b)(ii) (Optional Redemption in Part –Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager).
(A) Refinancing in relation to a Redemption in Whole
In the case of a Refinancing in relation to the redemption of the Rated Notes in whole but not in part pursuant to Condition 7(b)(i) (Optional Redemption in Whole – Subordinated Noteholders/Collateral Manager) or Condition 7(b)(iii) (Optional Redemption upon the occurrence of a Collateral Tax Event) as described above, such Refinancing will be effective only if:
(1) the Issuer has received the prior written consent from the Collateral Manager to such Refinancing and such Refinancing would not result in non-compliance by the Collateral Manager with the EU Retention Requirements or any U.S. Retention Regulations (to the extent applicable);
(2) the Issuer provides prior written notice thereof to each of the Rating Agencies;
(3) all Refinancing Proceeds, all Sale Proceeds, if any, from the sale of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments and all other available funds will be at least sufficient to pay any Administrative Expenses and Trustee Fees and Expenses and all amounts due and payable in respect of all Classes of Notes save for the Subordinated Notes (including without limitation Deferred Interest on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes) and all amounts payable in priority thereto pursuant to the Priorities of Payment (subject to any election to receive less than 100 per cent. of the Redemption Price) on such Redemption Date when applied in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments;
(4) all Principal Proceeds, Refinancing Proceeds, Sale Proceeds, if any, and other available funds are used (to the extent necessary) to make such redemption;
(5) each agreement entered into by the Issuer in respect of such Refinancing contains limited recourse and non-petition provisions substantially the same as those contained in the Trust Deed; and
(6) all Refinancing Proceeds and all Sale Proceeds, if any, from the sale of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments are received by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on or prior to the applicable Redemption Date,
in each case, as confirmed in writing to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Collateral Manager (upon which confirmation the Trustee shall rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability).
(B) Refinancing in relation to a Redemption in Part
In the case of a Refinancing in relation to a redemption of the Rated Notes in part by Class, such Refinancing will be effective only if:
(1) the Issuer has received the prior written consent from the Collateral Manager to such Refinancing and such Refinancing would not result in non-compliance by the Collateral Manager with the EU Retention Requirements or any U.S. Retention Regulations (to the extent applicable);
(2) the Issuer provides prior written notice thereof to each of the Rating Agencies;
(3) the Refinancing Obligations are in the form of notes;
(4) any redemption of a Class of Notes is a redemption of the entire Class which is subject to the redemption;
(5) the sum of (A) the Refinancing Proceeds and (B) the Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds will be at least sufficient to pay in full:
(a) the aggregate Redemption Prices of the entire Class or Classes of Rated Notes subject to the Optional Redemption; plus
(b) all Trustee Fees and Expenses and all Administrative Expenses (in the order of priority set out in the definition thereof), each to the extent incurred in connection with such Optional Redemption;
(6) the Collateral Manager reasonably determines that there will be sufficient Interest Proceeds available (when applied in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments) on the next following Payment Date (or, if the Partial Redemption Date is a Payment Date, on such Payment Date) to pay:
(a) all Trustee Fees and Expenses and Administrative Expenses due and payable on such Payment Date; and
(b) all accrued and unpaid interest on the Class or Classes of Notes that are not the subject of such Optional Redemption;
(7) the Refinancing Proceeds are used (to the extent necessary) to make such redemption;
(8) each agreement entered into by the Issuer in respect of such Refinancing contains limited recourse and non-petition provisions substantially the same as those contained in the Trust Deed;
(9) the aggregate principal amount of the Refinancing Obligations for each Class is equal to the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of such Class of Notes being redeemed with the Refinancing Proceeds;
(10) the maturity date of each class of Refinancing Obligations is the same as the Maturity Date of the Class or Classes of Notes being redeemed with the Refinancing Proceeds;
(11) the spread over EURIBOR or stated interest rate of the Refinancing Obligations will not be greater than the spread over EURIBOR or stated interest rate of the corresponding Class being refinanced; provided that subject to Rating Agency Confirmation from S&P: (A)
(x) if more than one Class of Floating Rate Notes is subject to a Refinancing, the spread over EURIBOR of the Refinancing Obligations for a Class of Floating Rate Notes may be greater than the spread over EURIBOR for such Class of Floating Rate Notes subject to Refinancing so long as the weighted average (based on the aggregate principal amount of each Class of Floating Rate Notes subject to Refinancing) of the spread over EURIBOR of the Refinancing Obligations is less than the weighted average (based on the aggregate principal amount of each such Class) of the spread over EURIBOR of the Classes of
Floating Rate Notes subject to such Refinancing and (y) if more than one Class of Fixed Rate Notes is subject to a Refinancing, the stated interest rate of the Refinancing Obligations for a Class of Fixed Rate Notes may be greater than the stated interest rate for such Class of Fixed Rate Notes subject to Refinancing so long as the weighted average (based on the aggregate principal amount of each Class of Fixed Rate Notes subject to Refinancing) of the stated interest rate of the Refinancing Obligations is less than the weighted average (based on the aggregate principal amount of each such Class) of the stated interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes subject to such Refinancing, (B) the issue proceeds of a new Class of Floating Rate Notes may be used to refinance an existing Class of Fixed Rate Notes, in which case the interest rate results in an equal or lower equivalent yield based on the then-current Swap Curve Rate; and (C) pari passu Classes may be refinanced using the issuance proceeds of a single new Class of Fixed Rate Notes or Floating Rate Notes, in which case the interest rate of such single Class will not be greater than (x) if the Refinancing Obligations bear interest at a fixed rate, the interest rate of the Fixed Rate Notes being refinanced or (y) if the Refinancing Obligations bear interest at a floating rate, the Interest Rate of the Floating Rate Notes being refinanced;
(12) payments in respect of the Refinancing Obligations are subject to the Priorities of Payment and rank at the same priority pursuant to the Priorities of Payment as the relevant Class or Classes of Rated Notes being redeemed;
(13) the voting rights, consent rights, redemption rights and all other rights of the Refinancing Obligations (other than any modification to remove the right of the Subordinated Noteholders or any other party to direct the Issuer to redeem by refinancing the Refinancing Obligations) are the same as the rights of the corresponding Class of Rated Notes being redeemed;
(14) all Refinancing Proceeds and the Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds are received by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on or prior to the applicable Redemption Date;
(15) the Refinancing Proceeds and the Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds are applied in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments (on a Partial Redemption Date that is a Payment Date) or the Partial Redemption Priority of Payments (on a Partial Redemption Date that is not a Payment Date); and
(16) in the case where the Partial Redemption Date is not otherwise a Payment Date, the Collateral Manager reasonably determines that Interest Proceeds will be available on the next following Payment Date in an amount at least equal to the amount that will be required for distribution under the Interest Priority of Payments for the payment of all Trustee Fees and Expenses and Administrative Expenses on such Payment Date,
in each case, as confirmed in writing to the Issuer and the Trustee by the Collateral Manager (upon which confirmation the Trustee shall rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability).
The issuance of any Refinancing Obligations that are notes will not constitute an additional issuance subject to the provisions of Condition 17 (Additional Issuances), and shall only be subject to the conditions to issuance set forth in Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing).
If, in relation to a proposed optional redemption of the Notes (in part or in whole, as applicable), any of the relevant conditions specified in this Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing) are not satisfied, the Issuer shall cancel the relevant redemption of the Notes and shall give notice of such cancellation to the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, the Rating Agencies and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
None of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator or the Trustee shall be liable to any party, including the Subordinated Noteholders, for any failure to obtain a Refinancing, and any such failure shall not constitute a Note Event of Default.
(C) Designation of Principal Proceeds
In connection with any Optional Redemption of one or more Classes or Notes by way of a Refinancing, the Collateral Manager may designate Principal Proceeds in an amount that is equal to or less than the Excess Par Amount as Interest Proceeds (such designated amount being the “Designated Excess Par”). The Collateral Manager shall direct the Collateral Administrator, in writing, to transfer such Designated Excess Par to the Interest Account on any Business Day prior to the relevant Redemption Date; provided that, in each case, each of the following conditions are met immediately after giving effect to such deposit: (a) the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purposes the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be the lesser of its Moody’s Collateral Value and its S&P Collateral Value) is greater than or equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance; (b) the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test is satisfied; and (c) the relevant Optional Redemption by way of Refinancing shall include a refinancing of the Class A Notes.
(D) Consequential Amendments
Following a Refinancing, the Issuer and the Trustee shall (subject always to each Hedge Counterparty’s veto right set out in Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver), to the extent required by the relevant Hedge Agreement) agree to the modification of the Trust Deed and the other Transaction Documents to the extent which the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) certifies to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee shall rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability) is in order to facilitate such Refinancing or is necessary to reflect the terms of the Refinancing (including any modification to remove the rights of the Subordinated Noteholders or any other party to direct the Issuer to redeem the Refinancing Obligations issued in respect thereof by way of a further Refinancing). No further consent for such amendments shall be required from the holders of Notes other than from the holders of the Subordinated Notes acting by way of an Ordinary Resolution, subject to and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing).
The Trustee will not be obliged to enter into any modification that, in its opinion, would (i) have the effect of exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) add to or increase the obligations, liabilities, duties or decrease the protections, rights, powers, indemnities, discretions or authorisations of the Trustee in respect of any Transaction Document, and the Trustee will be entitled to conclusively rely upon an officer’s certificate and/or opinion of counsel as to matters of law (which may be supported as to factual (including financial and capital markets) matters by any relevant certificates and other documents necessary or advisable in the judgment of counsel delivering such opinion of counsel) provided by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager to the effect that such amendment meets the requirements specified above and is permitted under the Trust Deed without the consent of the holders of the Notes (except that such counsel will have no obligation to opine as to the sufficiency of the Refinancing Proceeds or the Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds).
Any Redemption Notice and any Ordinary Resolution delivered by the Subordinated Noteholders in connection with an Optional Redemption pursuant to Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing) may specify that (i) the Subordinated Noteholders are electing to exercise their right of Optional Redemption in respect of all and/or any one or more Class or Classes of the Rated Notes contingent upon, and to the extent that, the conditions set forth for the Refinancing of such Class or Classes are satisfied in respect of such Class or Classes, (ii) in the event the conditions set forth for the Refinancing of any Class are not satisfied in respect of such Class, such Class will not be subject to Refinancing, and (iii) in the event that it is determined that every Class of Rated Notes will be subject to
Refinancing, such Refinancing will be treated as a Refinancing in whole (and not in part) of the Rated Notes under the Trust Deed.
(viii) Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing
The Specified Percentage of any Class of Notes will be redeemed at the applicable Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price on any Business Day from Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds and Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds, if any, at the direction of the Collateral Manager at least 15 Business Days prior to the Business Day fixed by the Issuer (and notified in writing to the Trustee) for such redemption (such date, the “Regulatory Refinancing Date”), by the issuance of Regulatory Refinancing Obligations (such issuance, a “Regulatory Refinancing”).
Such Regulatory Refinancing will be effective only if the Collateral Manager determines and certifies to the Trustee (upon which certification the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively and without enquiry or liability) at least 10 Business Days prior to the Regulatory Refinancing Date:
(A) that it has received advice of counsel that a Regulatory Refinancing (or that the acquisition of Notes that would result therefrom) is necessary or advisable for the Issuer, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder and/or any “sponsor” or “originator” (as defined in the Securitisation Regulation and/or the U.S. Retention Regulations (if applicable)) of the Issuer to comply with the EU Retention Requirements and/or the U.S. Retention Regulations (if applicable);
(B) the Specified Percentage of each Class of Notes that is subject to such Regulatory Refinancing;
(C) that the Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds and Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds will be at least sufficient to pay in full (i) the aggregate Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Prices of the Specified Percentage of each Class of Notes subject to such Regulatory Refinancing, and (ii) all Trustee Fees and Expenses and all Administrative Expenses (in the order of priority set out in the definition thereof), each to the extent incurred in connection with such Regulatory Refinancing on the related Regulatory Refinancing Date;
(D) if the Regulatory Refinancing Date is not a Payment Date, the amount the Collateral Manager reasonably determines would be available for distribution under the Interest Proceeds Priorities of Payment on the immediately following Payment Date will be at least sufficient to pay in full:
(1) all accrued and unpaid Trustee Fees and Expenses and Administrative Expenses due on the immediately following Payment Date (excluding any such amounts to be paid on such Regulatory Refinancing Date in connection with such Regulatory Refinancing); plus
(2) all accrued and unpaid interest on the Rated Notes (excluding any such amounts to be paid on such Regulatory Refinancing Date in connection with the Regulatory Refinancing);
(E) the stated maturity of the Regulatory Refinancing Obligations is the same as the corresponding stated maturity of each Class being refinanced;
(F) that the terms of the Regulatory Refinancing Obligations are identical to the respective terms of the corresponding Class of Notes subject to such Regulatory Refinancing (except that interest due on Regulatory Refinancing Obligations will accrue from the Regulatory Refinancing Date and the price of the Regulatory Refinancing Obligations is not required to be identical to the corresponding Class of Notes subject to such Regulatory Refinancing, provided that (i) in the case of the Regulatory Refinancing Obligations that are Rated Notes, the price of such Regulatory Refinancing Obligations shall be at least equal to par and (ii) in the case of the Regulatory Refinancing Obligations that are Subordinated Notes, the price will be equal to the Subordinated Notes Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price);
(G) that it has provided written notice thereof to S&P and Moody’s and that Rating Agency Confirmation is received with respect to such Regulatory Refinancing, including the Regulatory
Refinancing Obligations in the principal amount of each Class of Rated Notes for which such satisfaction is requested; and
(H) the Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds are received by (or on behalf of) the Issuer on or prior to the Regulatory Refinancing Date.
No Regulatory Refinancing shall be effective unless the Issuer has provided notice to the Noteholders of such Regulatory Refinancing in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) at least 10 Business Days prior to the Regulatory Refinancing Date, which notice shall state that such redemption is subject to satisfaction of the conditions set out in Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing) and include the proposed Regulatory Refinancing Date and the Specified Percentage of each Class of Notes to be redeemed.
If, in relation to a proposed optional redemption of the Notes under this Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing), any of the conditions specified in this Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing) are not satisfied, the Issuer shall cancel the relevant redemption of the Notes and shall give notice of such cancellation to the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). Such cancellation shall not constitute an Event of Default.
The issuance of any Regulatory Refinancing Obligations that are notes will not constitute an additional issuance subject to the provisions of Condition 17 (Additional Issuances), and shall only be subject to the conditions to issuance set forth in Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing).
None of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Collateral Manager, the Trustee or any other Person shall be liable to the Noteholders for the failure of a Regulatory Refinancing and any such failure shall not constitute an Event of Default. If a Regulatory Refinancing is obtained meeting the requirements specified above as certified by the Collateral Manager, the Issuer and the Trustee shall (subject always to each Hedge Counterparty’s veto right set out in Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver), to the extent required by the relevant Hedge Agreement) amend the Trust Deed to the extent the Issuer certifies (upon which certification the Trustee shall be entitled to rely conclusively and without enquiry or liability) that any such amendment is necessary to reflect the terms of the Regulatory Refinancing and no further consent for such amendments shall be required from the Noteholders.
The Trustee will not be obliged to enter into any modification that, in its opinion, would (i) have the effect of exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or (ii) add to or increase the obligations, liabilities, duties or decrease the protections, rights, powers, indemnities, discretions or authorisations of the Trustee in respect of any Transaction Document, and the Trustee will be entitled to conclusively rely upon an officer’s certificate and/or opinion of counsel as to matters of law (which may be supported as to factual (including financial and capital markets) matters by any relevant certificates and other documents necessary or advisable in the judgment of counsel delivering such opinion of counsel) provided by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager to the effect that such amendment meets the requirements specified above and is permitted under the Trust Deed without the consent of the holders of the Notes (except that such counsel will have no obligation to opine as to the sufficiency of the Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds).
The Notes (or portions thereof) comprising the Specified Percentage of each Class subject to a Regulatory Refinancing shall be allocated among the Noteholders of each such Class (including any Retention Notes held by the Retention Holder), pro rata, based on the proportion that the Principal Amount Outstanding of Notes of such Class held by such Noteholders bears to the total Principal Amount Outstanding of all Notes of such Class.
If any portion of the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Note held by a Noteholder is subject to a Regulatory Refinancing, the Principal Amount Outstanding of such Note shall be reduced by such amount on the Regulatory Refinancing Date.
All Regulatory Refinancing Obligations will be acquired by the Collateral Manager, an Affiliate thereof or a retention financing provider thereto or, if required by applicable law or for compliance with the policies and procedures of any applicable Clearing System, through one or more financial institutions or initial purchasers who are participants of the relevant Clearing System. Such Regulatory Refinancing Obligation will be issued either: (i) in the form of a certificated Note bearing the same ISIN as the certificated Notes of the corresponding Class of Notes being refinanced with such Regulatory Refinancing Obligation or (ii) reflected as a beneficial interest in a Global Certificate bearing either the same ISIN or a different ISIN (if the Collateral Manager has determined that a Global Certificate bearing such ISIN is in accordance with the EU Transparency Requirements and the U.S. Retention Regulations (if applicable) and any other applicable law) as such applicable Global Certificates of the corresponding Class of Notes being refinanced with such Regulatory Refinancing Obligations. The Collateral Manager shall, in consultation with the Issuer and based on considerations of applicable law and the policies and procedures of the applicable Clearing System, determine whether the Regulatory Refinancing Obligations will be acquired in the form of a certificated Note or as a beneficial interest in a Global Certificate.
(ix) Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only
Following receipt of notice from the Issuer or, as the case may be, of confirmation from the Principal Paying Agent of (i) a direction in writing from the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary Resolution, as applicable) or the Collateral Manager, (ii) a direction in writing from the Controlling Class (acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution) and/or
(iii) direction from (where required) the Collateral Manager and/or (iv) consent from the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) or the Collateral Manager, as the case may be, subject to and in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), and in each case in writing, to exercise any right of optional redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) to be effected solely through the liquidation or realisation of the Collateral, the Collateral Administrator (in consultation with the Collateral Manager) shall, as soon as practicable, and in any event not later than 10 Business Days (or such shorter period of time as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator) prior to the scheduled Redemption Date (the “Redemption Determination Date”), provided that the Collateral Administrator has received such notice or confirmation at least 10 Business Days (or such shorter period of time as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator) prior to the scheduled Redemption Date, calculate the Redemption Threshold Amount in consultation with the Collateral Manager. The Collateral Manager or any Collateral Manager Related Person will be permitted to purchase Collateral Obligations in the Portfolio where the Noteholders exercise their right of early redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event).
The Notes shall not be optionally redeemed where such Optional Redemption is to be effected solely through the liquidation or realisation of the Portfolio unless:
(A) at least five Business Days before the scheduled Redemption Date (or such shorter date as agreed between the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator and no consent for such shorter period shall be required from the Trustee) the Collateral Manager shall have furnished to the Trustee a certificate (upon which certificate the Trustee may rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability) signed by an officer of the Collateral Manager that the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer has entered into a binding agreement or agreements with a financial or other institution or institutions (which (a) either (x) has a short-term senior unsecured rating of “A” by S&P or (y) in respect of which Rating Agency Confirmation from S&P has been obtained and (b) either (x) has a short-term senior unsecured credit rating of at least “P-1” by Moody’s, or (y) in respect of which a Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s has been obtained) to purchase (directly or by participation or other arrangement) from the Issuer, not later than the scheduled Redemption Date, in immediately available funds, all or part of the Portfolio at a purchase price at least sufficient, together with the Eligible Investments maturing, redeemable or putable to the issuer thereof at par on or prior to the scheduled Redemption Date and, without double counting, amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts
that will be available for payment in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments on the scheduled Redemption Date, to meet the Redemption Threshold Amount;
(B) not later than the scheduled Redemption Date, the Issuer shall have received proceeds of disposition of all or part of the Portfolio at least sufficient, together with the Eligible Investments maturing, redeemable or putable to the issuer thereof at par on or prior to the scheduled Redemption Date and, without double counting, amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts that will be available for payment in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments on the scheduled Redemption Date, to meet the Redemption Threshold Amount, provided that, if the Issuer has received funds from a purchaser of one or more Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans (in whole or in part), but such Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans have not yet been disposed of by transfer of legal title, such funds will be included within the calculation of whether the Redemption Threshold Amount has been met; and
(C) prior to selling any Collateral Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loans and/or Eligible Investments, the Collateral Manager confirms in writing to the Trustee that, in its judgment, the aggregate sum of (A) expected proceeds from the sale of Eligible Investments, (B) expected proceeds from the sale of Loss Mitigation Loans, and (C) for each Collateral Obligation, the product of its Principal Balance and its Market Value and (C) without double counting, amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts that will be available for payment in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments on the scheduled Redemption Date, shall meet or exceed the Redemption Threshold Amount.
Any certification delivered by the Collateral Manager pursuant to this Condition 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only) must include (1) the prices on the date of such certification of, and expected proceeds from, the sale (directly or by participation or other arrangement) of any Collateral Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loans and/or Eligible Investments, (2) amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts which would be available to be applied in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments if the Notes fell due for redemption in full on the scheduled Redemption Date and (3) all calculations required by this Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) (as applicable). Any Noteholder, the Collateral Manager or any Collateral Manager Related Person shall have the right, subject to the same terms and conditions afforded to other bidders, to bid on Collateral Obligations or Loss Mitigation Loans to be sold as part of an Optional Redemption pursuant to this Condition 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only).
If any of the conditions (A) to (C) above are not satisfied, the Issuer shall cancel the redemption of the Notes and shall give notice of such cancellation to the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, the Rating Agencies and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), and the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by Extraordinary Resolution) shall have the right to elect to direct the Issuer to redeem the Notes on a date falling not less than three calendar days after the first date notified to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as the date of such redemption (the “Original Redemption Date”) and no more than 30 Business Days after the Original Redemption Date. Such cancellation shall not constitute a Note Event of Default.
The provisions of Condition 7(b)(vi) (Terms and Conditions of an Optional Redemption) and this Condition 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only) shall apply as conditions to such redemption, provided that the notice period in Condition 7(b)(vi) (Terms and Conditions of an Optional Redemption) shall be read as 7 days’ prior written notice (rather than 15 days’ prior written notice) and the Redemption Determination Date shall be 1 Business Day prior to any such Redemption Date (rather than 10 Business Days prior to the Redemption Date). The Trustee shall rely conclusively and without enquiry or liability on any confirmation or certificate of the Collateral Manager furnished by it pursuant to or in connection with this Condition 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only).
(x) Mechanics of Redemption
Following calculation by the Collateral Administrator of the relevant Redemption Threshold Amount (in consultation with the Collateral Manager), if applicable, the Collateral Administrator (in consultation with the Collateral Manager) shall make such other calculations as it is required to make pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Principal Paying Agent (who shall notify the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) of such amounts).
Any exercise of a right of Optional Redemption by the Subordinated Noteholders or the Collateral Manager pursuant to this Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or the Controlling Class or the Subordinated Noteholders pursuant to Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) shall be effected by delivery to the Principal Paying Agent, by the requisite amount of Subordinated Noteholders or the requisite amount of Notes comprising the Controlling Class (as applicable) held thereby, of duly completed Redemption Notices, or by the Collateral Manager of a written direction to the Issuer, as applicable, not less than 15 days’ prior to the proposed Redemption Date. No Redemption Notice so delivered or any direction given by the Collateral Manager (subject as provided below) may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. The Registrar shall copy each Redemption Notice or any direction given by the Collateral Manager received to each of the Issuer (who shall provide a copy of such Redemption Notice to each Hedge Counterparty), the Trustee, and the Collateral Administrator.
Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these Conditions, any Redemption Notice, Ordinary Resolution, Extraordinary Resolution or other direction to effect a redemption that was delivered in accordance with the terms of this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) (whether delivered by the Subordinated Noteholders, the Collateral Manager or the Noteholders of the Controlling Class, as applicable) may be withdrawn or the scheduled redemption date thereunder may be postponed (without the need to observe any further notice period) by the Subordinated Noteholders, the Collateral Manager or the Noteholders of the Controlling Class (in each case acting in the same manner in which such Persons directed such redemption), as applicable, in each case, without the prior consent of the Issuer and without any stated reason, provided that notice of such withdrawal is delivered to the Issuer no later than the Business Day prior to the relevant scheduled Redemption Date and, if such notice is provided, the Issuer shall cancel the redemption of the relevant Notes or postpone the redemption date, as applicable, and shall give written notice of such cancellation or postponement, as applicable, to the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). Any such withdrawal or postponement to a proposed redemption date shall not constitute a Note Event of Default.
If the Issuer delivers the notice of such a withdrawal or is otherwise unable to complete redemption of the relevant Notes due to any condition not having been satisfied as required by this Condition 7, the proceeds received from the sale of any Collateral Obligations and other assets sold in contemplation of such redemption may, at the Collateral Manager's discretion, be reinvested in accordance with the Reinvestment Criteria.
Any direction or election to effect an Optional Redemption pursuant to Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing) (including by way of any Redemption Notice and/or any Ordinary Resolution) by the Subordinated Noteholders or the Collateral Manager, as the case may be, may specify that (i) such Persons are electing to exercise their right of Optional Redemption in respect of all and/or any one or more Class or Classes of the Rated Notes contingent upon, and to the extent that, the conditions set forth for the Refinancing of such Class or Classes are satisfied in respect of such Class or Classes, (ii) if the conditions set forth for the Refinancing of any Class are not satisfied in respect of such Class, such Class will not be subject to Refinancing, and
(iii) if it is determined that every Class of Rated Notes will be subject to Refinancing, such Refinancing will be treated as a Refinancing in whole (and not in part) of the Rated Notes under the Trust Deed.
The Collateral Manager shall notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, each Hedge Counterparty and the Principal Paying Agent upon satisfaction of all of the conditions set out in this
Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) and Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) and shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to arrange for liquidation and/or realisation of the Portfolio in whole or in part as necessary, on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. The Issuer shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, the funds required for an optional redemption of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) and/or Condition 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event) in the Payment Account on or before the Business Day prior to the applicable Redemption Date or, in the case of a Refinancing or a Regulatory Refinancing, on or before the applicable Redemption Date. Principal Proceeds and Interest Proceeds received in connection with a redemption in whole of the Rated Notes shall be payable in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments. In the case of any redemption in whole of a Class of Rated Notes by way of a Refinancing, the relevant Refinancing Proceeds (other than a redemption in whole of all Classes of Rated Notes) shall be paid to the Noteholders of such Class of Notes subject to payment of amounts in priority in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. Where the Collateral Manager has directed the Issuer to effect a redemption in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption), the Issuer shall promptly notify the Trustee, each Hedge Counterparty and the Noteholders thereof in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). Unless the requisite amount of Subordinated Noteholders deliver duly completed notices of objection to such Optional Redemption to the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with these Conditions and the Trust Deed in each case no later than 10 Business Days after having received such notice of redemption from the Issuer (such notice to be deemed to have been received by each Subordinated Noteholder on the Business Day following the date of delivery by the Principal Paying Agent to the Clearing Systems for onward transmission to beneficial owners in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Trust Deed), any Optional Redemption so notified and instructed by the Collateral Manager shall be irrevocable and shall occur on the Redemption Date therefor in accordance with these Conditions, provided that the Collateral Manager has not rescinded such notice of Optional Redemption by written notice of rescission to the Issuer no later than two Business Days prior to the applicable Redemption Date.
(c) Mandatory Redemption upon Breach of Coverage Tests
(i) Class A Notes and Class B Notes
If the Class A/B Par Value Test is not met on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date or if the Class A/B Interest Coverage Test is not met on the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date or any Determination Date thereafter, Interest Proceeds and thereafter Principal Proceeds will be applied in redemption of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence, on the related Payment Date in accordance with and subject to the Priorities of Payment (including payments of all prior ranking amounts) until each such Coverage Test is satisfied if recalculated following such redemption.
(ii) Class C Notes
If the Class C Par Value Test is not met on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date or if the Class C Interest Coverage Test is not met on the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date or any Determination Date thereafter, Interest Proceeds and thereafter Principal Proceeds will be applied in redemption of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes and the Class C Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence, on the related Payment Date in accordance with and subject to the Priorities of Payment (including payment of all prior ranking amounts) until each such Coverage Test is satisfied if recalculated immediately following such redemption.
(iii) Class D Notes
If the Class D Par Value Test is not met on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date or if the Class D Interest Coverage Test is not met on the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date or any Determination Date thereafter, Interest Proceeds and thereafter Principal Proceeds will be applied in redemption of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the
Class C Notes and the Class D Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence, on the related Payment Date in accordance with and subject to the Priorities of Payment (including payment of all prior ranking amounts) until each such Coverage Test is satisfied if recalculated immediately following such redemption.
(iv) Class E Notes
If the Class E Par Value Test is not met on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date, Interest Proceeds and thereafter Principal Proceeds will be applied in redemption of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes and the Class E Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence, on the related Payment Date in accordance with and subject to the Priorities of Payment (including payment of all prior ranking amounts) until such Class E Par Value Test is satisfied if recalculated immediately following such redemption.
(v) Class F Notes
If the Class F Par Value Test is not met on any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date, Interest Proceeds and thereafter Principal Proceeds will be applied in redemption of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence, on the related Payment Date in accordance with and subject to the Priorities of Payment (including payment of all prior ranking amounts) until such Class F Par Value Test is satisfied if recalculated immediately following such redemption.
(d) Special Redemption
Principal payments on the Notes shall be made in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments at the sole and absolute discretion of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer), if either (A) at any time during the Reinvestment Period, the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) certifies (upon which certification the Trustee may rely without enquiry or liability) to the Trustee that, using commercially reasonable endeavours, it has been unable, for a period of 20 consecutive Business Days, to identify additional Collateral Obligations or Substitute Collateral Obligations that are deemed appropriate by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion which meet the Eligibility Criteria or, to the extent applicable, the Reinvestment Criteria, in sufficient amounts to permit the investment or reinvestment of all or a portion of the funds then in the Principal Account that are to be invested in additional Collateral Obligations or Substitute Collateral Obligations, or (B) at any time after the Effective Date, the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) notifies the Trustee in writing that, as determined by the Collateral Manager acting in a commercially reasonable manner, a redemption is required in order to avoid a Rating Event (upon which notification the Trustee may rely without enquiry or liability) (a “Special Redemption”). On the first Payment Date following the Due Period in which such notification is given (a “Special Redemption Date”) (A) the funds in the Principal Account representing Principal Proceeds which, using commercially reasonable endeavours, cannot be reinvested in additional Collateral Obligations or Substitute Collateral Obligations by the Collateral Manager or
(B) such minimum amount of funds in the Principal Account as the Collateral Manager determines, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, is required to avoid the occurrence of a Rating Event (each amount under (A) and (B), a “Special Redemption Amount”) will be applied in accordance with paragraph (P) of the Principal Priority of Payments. Notice of payments pursuant to this Condition 7(d) (Special Redemption) shall be given by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) not less than three Business Days prior to the applicable Special Redemption Date to the Noteholders and to each Rating Agency. For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise of a Special Redemption shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) and the Collateral Manager shall be under no obligation to, or have any responsibility to, any Noteholder or any other person for the exercise or non-exercise (as applicable) of such Special Redemption.
(e) Redemption upon Effective Date Rating Event
In the event that as at the Business Day prior to the Payment Date following the Effective Date, an Effective Date Rating Event has occurred and is continuing, either (x) the Issuer, at the direction of the Collateral Manager, shall purchase additional Collateral Obligations until an Effective Date Rating Event
is no longer continuing, provided that such purchase shall occur on or prior to the Determination Date prior to the second Payment Date, or (y) the Rated Notes shall be redeemed in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence on such Payment Date and thereafter on each Payment Date (to the extent required) out of Interest Proceeds and thereafter out of Principal Proceeds subject to the Priorities of Payment, in each case, until redeemed in full or, if earlier, until an Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) is under no obligation whatsoever to present a Rating Confirmation Plan to S&P (as contemplated in the definition of Effective Date Rating Event) and may, in its discretion (acting on behalf of the Issuer), determine not to present such plan to S&P in favour of redemption of Rated Notes or purchase of Collateral Obligations pursuant to this Condition 7(e) (Redemption upon Effective Date Rating Event).
(f) Redemption Following Expiry of the Reinvestment Period
Following expiry of the Reinvestment Period, the Issuer shall, on each Payment Date occurring thereafter, apply Principal Proceeds transferred to the Payment Account immediately prior to the related Payment Date in redemption of the Notes at their applicable Redemption Prices in accordance with the Priorities of Payment, save that the Class Z Notes shall be subject to redemption in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Mandatory Redemption of the Class Z Notes).
(g) Redemption Following Note Tax Event
Upon the occurrence of a Note Tax Event, the Issuer shall, subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, use all reasonable efforts to first (i) change the location of the Principal Paying Agent or the listing of the Notes or, if the action described in this paragraph (i), would not avoid the occurrence of such Note Tax Event and subject as provided below, second (ii) take such other steps as may be available to it (other than changing its tax residency) to avoid the occurrence of such Note Tax Event, or third (iii) change the territory in which it is resident for tax purposes to another jurisdiction which, at the time of such change, would not give rise to a Note Tax Event. The Issuer shall not be required to change the territory in which it is resident for tax purposes or take any steps to avoid such Note Tax Event if to do so would impose legal, regulatory, tax or other obligations on the Issuer which would have a materially adverse effect on it. Upon the earlier of (a) the date upon which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee (upon which certification the Trustee may rely without enquiry or liability) and the Noteholders that it is not able to effect such change of residence and (b) the date which is 90 calendar days from the date upon which the Issuer first becomes aware of such Note Tax Event (provided that such 90 calendar day period shall be extended by a further 90 calendar days in the event that during the former period the Issuer has notified (or procured the notification of) the Trustee and the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) that, based on advice received by it, it expects that it shall have changed the location of the Principal Paying Agent and/or the listing of the Notes or its place of residence or taken such other steps to avoid the occurrence of the Note Tax Event by the end of the latter 90 calendar day period) (i) the Controlling Class or the Subordinated Noteholders, in each case acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution, or (ii) the Collateral Manager may elect that the Rated Notes of each Class are redeemed, in whole but not in part, on any Business Day thereafter, at their respective Redemption Prices in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence, in which case the Issuer shall so redeem the Rated Notes on such terms, provided that such Note Tax Event would affect payment of principal or interest in respect of one or more Classes of Notes, which shall require, in the case of a redemption elected by the Controlling Class, the Controlling Class or, in the case of a redemption elected by the Subordinated Noteholders or the Collateral Manager as the case may be, the Subordinated Notes to be so affected, on the Payment Date immediately following such Business Day or, on such Business Day if such Business Day is a Payment Date; provided further that such redemption of the Notes, whether pursuant to the exercise of such option by the Controlling Class, the Subordinated Noteholders or the Collateral Manager, shall take place subject to and in accordance with the procedures set out in Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Condition 7(b)(ix) (Optional Redemption effected through Liquidation only).
(h) Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test
During the Reinvestment Period, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration
Agreement, the Issuer may redeem the Notes upon a failure of the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test subject to and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment and that notice is given in writing to the Trustee and Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
(i) Redemption
Unless otherwise specified in this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), all Notes in respect of which any notice of redemption is given shall be redeemed on the Redemption Date at their applicable Redemption Prices and to the extent specified in such notice and in accordance with the requirements of this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
(j) Cancellation and Purchase
All Notes redeemed in full by the Issuer will be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold.
No Note may be surrendered (including in connection with any abandonment, donation, gift, contribution or other event or circumstance) except for payment as provided herein or for cancellation pursuant to Condition 7(l) (Purchase) below, for registration of transfer, exchange or redemption, or for replacement in connection with any Note mutilated, defaced or deemed lost or stolen.
In respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate, cancellation of any Note required by the Conditions to be cancelled will be effected by reduction in the principal amount of the Notes on the Register, with a corresponding notation made on the applicable Global Certificate.
(k) Notice of Redemption
The Issuer shall procure that notice of any redemption in accordance with this Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) (which notice shall be irrevocable) is given in writing to the Trustee and Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and promptly in writing to the Rating Agencies.
(l) Purchase
On any Business Day during the Reinvestment Period, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Issuer may, subject to the conditions below, purchase any of the Rated Notes (in whole or in part), using amounts standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account or the Principal Account and any Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts or Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts.
No purchase of Rated Notes by the Issuer may occur unless each of the following conditions is satisfied:
(i) such purchase of Rated Notes shall occur in the following sequential order of priority: first, the Class A Notes, until the Class A Notes are purchased or redeemed in full and cancelled; second, the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes (on a pari passu basis), until the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes are purchased or redeemed in full and cancelled; third, the Class C Notes, until the Class C Notes are purchased or redeemed in full and cancelled; fourth, the Class D Notes, until the Class D Notes are purchased or redeemed in full and cancelled; fifth, the Class E Notes, until the Class E Notes are purchased or redeemed in full and cancelled; and sixth, the Class F Notes, until the Class F Notes are purchased or redeemed in full and cancelled;
(ii) (A) each such purchase of Rated Notes of any Class shall be made pursuant to an offer made to all holders of the Rated Notes of such Class, by notice to such holders, which notice shall specify the purchase price (as a percentage of par) at which such purchase will be effected, the amount of Supplemental Reserve Amounts and/or Principal Proceeds that will be used to effect such purchase and the length of the period during which such offer will be open for acceptance;
(B) each such holder of a Rated Note shall have the right, but not the obligation, to accept such offer in accordance with its terms; and
(C) if the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of Notes of the relevant Class held by holders who accept such offer exceeds the amount of Supplemental Reserve Amounts and/or Principal Proceeds specified in such offer, a portion of the Notes of each accepting holder shall be purchased pro rata based on the respective Principal Amount Outstanding held by each such holder subject to adjustment for Authorised Denominations if required and, in the case of the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes, on a pari passu basis between the relevant holders of the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes;
(iii) each such purchase shall be effected only at prices discounted from par;
(iv) each Coverage Test is satisfied immediately prior to each such purchase and will be satisfied after giving effect to such purchase (and subsequent cancellation pursuant to this Condition 7(l) (Purchase)) or, if any Coverage Test is not satisfied, it shall be at least maintained or improved after giving effect to such purchase (and subsequent cancellation pursuant to this Condition 7(l) (Purchase)) compared with what it was immediately prior thereto;
(v) if Sale Proceeds are used to consummate any such purchase, either:
(A) each requirement or test, as the case may be, of the Portfolio Profile Tests and the Collateral Quality Tests will be satisfied after giving effect to such purchase; or
(B) if any requirement or test, as the case may be, of the Portfolio Profile Tests and the Collateral Quality Tests was not satisfied immediately prior to such purchase, such requirement or test will be maintained or improved after giving effect to such purchase;
(vi) no Note Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing;
(vii) any Rated Notes to be purchased shall be surrendered to the Registrar for cancellation and may not be reissued or resold; and
(viii) each such purchase will otherwise be conducted in accordance with applicable law.
Upon instruction by the Issuer, the Registrar shall cancel any such purchased Rated Notes surrendered to it for cancellation. The cancellation (and/or decrease, as applicable) of any such surrendered Rated Notes shall be taken into account for purposes of all relevant calculations. The Issuer shall procure that notice of any such purchase of Rated Notes by it is given promptly in writing to the Rating Agencies, the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) and the Trustee.
(m) Mandatory Redemption of the Class Z Notes
The Class Z Notes shall be redeemed for a redemption price equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class Z Notes multiplied by the issue price thereof on the date on which all of the Collateral securing the Notes has been realised and has been finally distributed to the Noteholders (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in payment of all due and unpaid Class Z Noteholder Amounts and Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts) and each other party entitled thereto in each case subject to and in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
8. Payments
(a) Method of Payment
Payments of principal upon final redemption in respect of each Note will be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of such Note at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent by wire transfer. Payments of interest on each Note and, prior to redemption in full thereof, principal in respect of each Note, will be made by wire transfer. Upon application of the holder to the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent not less than five Business Days before the due date for any payment in respect of a Note, the payment may be made (in the case of any final payment of principal against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only of such final payment,
endorsement) of such Note as provided above) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds, on the due date to a Euro account maintained by the payee with a bank in Western Europe.
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate will be made to the registered holder as shall have been notified to the relevant Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) for such purpose and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the relevant Notes, upon surrender of such Global Certificate to or to the order of the Principal Paying Agent or the Transfer Agent. On each occasion on which a payment of interest (unless the Notes represented thereby do not bear interest) or principal is made in respect of the relevant Global Certificate, the Registrar shall note the same in the Register and cause the aggregate principal amount of the Notes represented by a Global Certificate to be decreased accordingly.
(b) Payments
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives (including FATCA), but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation). No commission shall be charged to the Noteholders.
(c) Payments on Presentation Days
A holder shall be entitled to present a Note for payment only on a Presentation Date and shall not, except as provided in Condition 6 (Interest), be entitled to any further interest or other payment if a Presentation Date falls after the due date.
If a Note is presented for payment at a time when, as a result of differences in time zones it is not practicable to transfer the relevant amount to an account as referred to above for value on the relevant Presentation Date, the Issuer shall not be obliged so to do but shall be obliged to transfer the relevant amount to the account for value on the first practicable date after the Presentation Date.
(d) Principal Paying Agent and Transfer Agent
The names of the initial Principal Paying Agent and Transfer Agent and their initial specified offices are set out below. The Issuer reserves the right at any time, with the prior written approval of the Trustee, to vary or terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and the Transfer Agent and appoint additional or other Agents, provided that it will maintain a Principal Paying Agent as approved in writing by the Trustee and shall procure that it shall at all times maintain a Custodian, Account Bank, Collateral Manager and Collateral Administrator. Notice of any change in any Agent or their specified offices or in the Collateral Manager or Collateral Administrator will promptly be given to the Noteholders by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
9. Taxation

All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within Ireland or any other jurisdiction, or any political sub-division or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be required to gross up any payments made to Noteholders of any Class and shall withhold or deduct from any such payments any amounts on account of such tax where so required by law (including FATCA) or any such relevant taxing authority. Any withholding or deduction shall not constitute a Note Event of Default under Condition 10(a) (Note Events of Default).
Except as provided below, if the Issuer certifies (upon which certification the Trustee may rely without enquiry or liability) to the Trustee that it has or will on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes of any Class become obliged by the laws of Ireland to withhold or account for tax so that it would be unable to make payment of the full amount that would otherwise be due but for the imposition of such tax, the Issuer (save as provided below) shall use all reasonable endeavours to arrange for the substitution of a company incorporated in another jurisdiction approved by the Trustee as the principal obligor under the Notes
of such Class, or to change its tax residence to another jurisdiction approved by the Trustee, subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation in relation to such change.
Notwithstanding the above, if any taxes referred to in this Condition 9 (Taxation) arise only:
(a) due to any present or former connection of any Noteholder (or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder of such Noteholder if such Noteholder is an estate, a trust, a partnership, or a corporation) with Ireland (including without limitation, such Noteholder (or such fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member or shareholder) being or having been a citizen or resident thereof or being or having been engaged in a trade or business or present therein or having had a permanent establishment therein) otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any Note or receiving principal or interest in respect thereof;
(b) by reason of the failure by the relevant Noteholder to comply with any applicable procedures required to establish non-residence or other similar claim for exemption from such tax or to provide information concerning nationality, residency or connection with Ireland or other applicable taxing authority;
(c) in connection with any withholding or deduction for or on account of FATCA; or
(d) any combination of the preceding clauses (a) through (c) inclusive,
the requirement to substitute the Issuer as a principal obligor and/or change its residence for taxation purposes shall not apply.
10. Events of Default
(a) Note Events of Default
Any of the following events shall constitute an “Note Event of Default”:
(i) Non-payment of interest
the Issuer fails to pay any Interest Amount in respect of the Class A Notes or the Class B Notes when the same becomes due and payable (save, in each case, as the result of any deduction therefrom or the imposition or withholding thereon in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Taxation)) and, in each case, the failure to pay such interest in such circumstances continues for a period of at least five Business Days provided that, in the case of a failure to disburse due to an administrative error or omission, such failure continues for a period of at least ten Business Days after the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator or the Principal Paying Agent receives written notice of, or has actual knowledge of, such administrative error or omission; provided further that the failure to effect any Optional Redemption or redemption following a Note Tax Event for which notice is withdrawn in accordance with these Conditions or, in the case of an Optional Redemption with respect to which a Refinancing fails, will not constitute a Note Event of Default;
(ii) Non-payment of principal
the Issuer fails to pay any principal when the same becomes due and payable (save, in each case, as the result of any deduction therefrom or the imposition or withholding thereon in the circumstances described in Condition 9 (Taxation)) on any Rated Note on the Maturity Date or any Redemption Date provided that, in the case of a failure to disburse due to an administrative error or omission, such failure continues for a period of at least five Business Days after the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator or the Principal Paying Agent receives written notice of, or has actual knowledge of, such administrative error or omission and provided further that failure to effect any Optional Redemption or redemption following a Note Tax Event for which notice is withdrawn in accordance with the Conditions or, in the case of an Optional Redemption with respect to which a Refinancing fails, will not constitute a Note Event of Default;
(iii) Default under Priorities of Payment
the failure on any Payment Date to disburse amounts (other than (i) or (ii) above) available in the Payment Account in excess of €10,000 and payable in accordance with the Priorities of Payment and continuation of such failure for a period of ten Business Days or, in the case of a failure to disburse due to an administrative error or omission or another non-credit-related reason (as determined by the Collateral Manager acting in a commercially reasonable manner and certified in writing to the Trustee (upon which certification the Trustee may rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability), but without liability as to such determination) by the Issuer or the Collateral Administrator, as the case may be, such failure continues for ten Business Days after the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator receives written notice of, or has actual knowledge of, such administrative error or omission;
(iv) Collateral Obligations
on any Measurement Date after the Effective Date, failure of the percentage equivalent of a fraction,
(i) the numerator of which is equal to (1) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations other than Defaulted Obligations plus (2) the aggregate in respect of each Defaulted Obligation of its Market Value multiplied by its Principal Balance on such date plus (3) the Balance standing to the credit of the Principal Account, the Unused Proceeds Account and any Eligible Investments which represent Principal Proceeds on such Measurement Date and (ii) the denominator of which is equal to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Class A Notes, to equal or exceed
102.5 per cent.;
(v) Breach of Other Obligations
except as otherwise provided in this definition of “Note Event of Default” a default in a material respect in the performance by, or breach in a material respect of any material covenant of, the Issuer under the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions (provided that any failure to meet any Portfolio Profile Test, Collateral Quality Test, Coverage Test or Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test is not a Note Event of Default and any failure to satisfy the Effective Date Determination Requirements is not a Note Event of Default, except in either case to the extent provided in paragraph (iv) above) or the failure of any representation, warranty, undertaking or other agreement of the Issuer made in the Trust Deed and/or these Conditions or in any certificate or other writing delivered pursuant thereto or in connection therewith to be correct in each case in all material respects when the same shall have been made, which default, breach or failure is materially prejudicial, in the opinion of the Trustee, to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class, and the continuation of such default, breach or failure for a period of 45 days after the earlier of (a) the Issuer having actual knowledge of such default, breach or failure or (b) notice being given to the Issuer and the Collateral Manager by registered or certified mail or courier from the Trustee, or to the Issuer, the Collateral Manager and the Trustee from the Controlling Class acting pursuant to an Ordinary Resolution, in each case copied to the Trustee (as applicable), specifying such default, breach or failure and requiring it to be remedied and stating that such notice is a “Notice of Default” under the Trust Deed; provided that if the Issuer (as notified to the Trustee by the Collateral Manager in writing) has commenced curing such default, breach or failure during the 45 day period specified above, such default, breach or failure shall not constitute a Note Event of Default under this paragraph (v) unless (A) it continues for a period of 45 days (rather than, and not in addition to, such 45 day period specified above) after the earlier of the Issuer having actual knowledge thereof or notice thereof in accordance herewith or
(B) if such default, breach or failure is in respect of payments made under the Priorities of Payment and can be cured only on a Payment Date, it continues after the next Payment Date. For the purposes of this paragraph, the materiality of such default, breach, representation or warranty shall be determined by the Trustee who shall make such determination by considering whether such default, breach or failure is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class;
(vi) Insolvency Proceedings
proceedings are initiated against the Issuer under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, bankruptcy, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws (together, “Insolvency Law”), or a receiver,
administrative receiver, trustee, administrator, custodian, conservator, liquidator, examiner, curator or other similar official (other than any party, including without limitation the Trustee and the Custodian, appointed or otherwise acting pursuant to or in connection with the Transaction Documents) (a “Receiver”) is appointed in relation to such proceedings and the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the Issuer and, in any of the foregoing cases, except in relation to the appointment of a Receiver, is not discharged within 60 consecutive days; or the Issuer is subject to, or initiates or consents to, judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable Insolvency Law, or seeks the appointment of a Receiver, or makes a conveyance or assignment for the benefit of its creditors generally or otherwise becomes subject to any reorganisation or amalgamation (other than on terms previously approved in writing by the Trustee or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Controlling Class);
(vii) Illegality
it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations under the Notes; or
(viii) Investment Company Act
the Issuer or any of the Collateral becomes required to register as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act and such requirement continues for 45 days.
(b) Acceleration
If a Note Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Trustee may, at its discretion, and shall, at the request of the Controlling Class acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution, (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities, proceedings, claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable and all costs, charges and expenses which may be incurred by it in connection therewith) give notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Manager and each Hedge Counterparty that all the Notes are immediately due and repayable (such notice, an “Acceleration Notice”), whereupon the Notes shall become immediately due and repayable at their applicable Redemption Prices (save that the Class Z Notes shall be subject to redemption in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Mandatory Redemption of the Class Z Notes)), provided that upon the occurrence of a Note Event of Default described in paragraph (vi) of the definition thereof, an Acceleration Notice shall be deemed to have been given and all the Notes shall automatically become immediately due and repayable at their applicable Redemption Prices (save that the Class Z Notes shall be subject to redemption in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Mandatory Redemption of the Class Z Notes)).
(c) Curing of Default
At any time after an Acceleration Notice (whether deemed or otherwise) has been given pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Acceleration) following the occurrence of a Note Event of Default and prior to enforcement of the security pursuant to Condition 11 (Enforcement), the Trustee, subject to receipt of consent in writing from the Controlling Class, may and shall, if so requested by the Controlling Class, in each case, acting by Extraordinary Resolution (and subject, in each case, to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction against all liabilities, proceedings, claims and demands to which it may thereby become liable and all costs, charges and expenses which may be incurred by it in connection therewith) rescind and annul such Acceleration Notice under paragraph (b) above and its consequences if:
(i) the Issuer has paid or deposited with the Trustee (or to its order) a sum sufficient to pay:
(A) all overdue payments of interest and principal on the Notes, other than the Subordinated Notes;
(B) all due but unpaid taxes owing by the Issuer, as certified by an Authorised Officer of the Issuer to the Trustee;
(C) all unpaid Administrative Expenses and Trustee Fees and Expenses in each case, without regard to the Senior Expenses Cap; and
(D) all amounts due and payable by the Issuer under any Currency Hedge Agreement, Interest Rate Hedge Agreement or any FX Forward Agreement; and
(ii) the Trustee has determined that all Events of Default, other than the non-payment of the interest in respect of, or principal of, the Notes that have become due solely as a result of the acceleration thereof under paragraph (b) above due to such Events of Default, have been cured or waived.
Any previous rescission and annulment of an Acceleration Notice (whether deemed or otherwise) pursuant to this paragraph (c) shall not prevent the subsequent acceleration of the Notes if the Trustee, at its discretion or as subsequently requested, accelerates the Notes or if the Notes are automatically accelerated in accordance with paragraph (b) above.
All amounts received in respect of this Condition 10(c) (Curing of Default) shall be distributed promptly following receipt by the Trustee of payment or deposit from the Issuer, in accordance with paragraph (i) above and the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments.
(d) Restriction on Acceleration
No direction to accelerate the Notes shall be permitted by any Class of Noteholders, other than the Controlling Class as provided in Condition 10(b) (Acceleration).
(e) Notification and Confirmation of No Default
The Issuer shall immediately notify the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, the Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) and the Rating Agencies upon becoming aware of the occurrence of a Note Event of Default. The Trust Deed contains provision for the Issuer to provide written confirmation to the Trustee and the Rating Agencies on an annual basis that no Note Event of Default has occurred and that no condition, event or act has occurred which, with the lapse of time and/or the issue, making or giving of any notice, certification, declaration and/or request and/or the taking of any similar action and/or the fulfilment of any similar condition would constitute a Note Event of Default and that no other matter which is required (pursuant thereto) to be brought to the Trustee’s attention has occurred.
11. Enforcement

(a) Security Becoming Enforceable
Subject as provided in paragraph (b) below, the security constituted by the Trust Deed over the Collateral shall become enforceable upon an acceleration of the maturity of the Notes pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Acceleration).
(b) Enforcement
At any time after the Notes become due and repayable and the security under the Trust Deed becomes enforceable, the Trustee may, at its discretion (but subject always to Condition 4(c) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition)), and shall, if so directed by the Controlling Class acting by Extraordinary Resolution (subject, in each case, as provided in this Condition 11(b) (Enforcement)), institute such proceedings or take such other action against the Issuer or take any other action as it may think fit to enforce the terms of the Trust Deed and the Notes and, pursuant and subject to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Notes, realise and/or otherwise liquidate or sell the Collateral in whole or in part and/or take such other action as may be permitted under applicable laws against any Obligor in respect of the Collateral and/or take any other action to enforce or realise the security over the Collateral in accordance with the Trust Deed (such actions together, “Enforcement Actions”), in each case without any liability as to the consequences of such action and without having regard (save to the extent provided in Condition 14(e) (Entitlement of the Trustee and Conflicts of Interest)) to the effect of such action on the individual Noteholders of any Class or any other Secured Party provided however that:
(i) no such Enforcement Action may be taken by the Trustee unless:
(A) subject to being indemnified and/or prefunded and/or secured to its satisfaction, the Trustee (or an Appointee on its behalf) determines subject to consultation by the Trustee or such Appointee with the Collateral Manager that the anticipated proceeds realised from such Enforcement Action (after deducting and allowing for any expenses properly incurred in connection therewith) would be sufficient to discharge in full all amounts due and payable in respect of all Classes of Notes (including, without limitation, Deferred Interest on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes and the Class F Notes) other than the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes and all amounts payable in priority to the Subordinated Notes pursuant to the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments (such amount the “Enforcement Threshold” and such determination being an “Enforcement Threshold Determination”) and the Controlling Class agrees with such determination by an Extraordinary Resolution (in which case the Enforcement Threshold will be met); or
(B) subject to paragraph (ii) below, if the Enforcement Threshold will not have been met then: (1) in the case of a Note Event of Default specified in sub-paragraph (i), (ii) or (iv) of Condition 10(a) (Note Events of Default), the Controlling Class acting by Extraordinary Resolution directs the Trustee to take Enforcement Action without regard to any other Note Event of Default which has occurred prior to such Note Event of Default; or (2) in the case of any other Note Event of Default, each Class of Rated Notes (acting independently) directs the Trustee by Extraordinary Resolution to take Enforcement Action.
(ii) the Trustee shall not be bound to institute any Enforcement Action or take any other action unless, subject to the above, it is directed to do so by the Controlling Class or, as the case may be, each Class of Rated Notes, acting by Extraordinary Resolution and in each case the Trustee is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. Following redemption and payment in full of the Rated Notes, the Trustee shall (provided it is indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), act upon the directions of the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution; and
(iii) for the purposes of determining issues relating to the execution of a sale or liquidation of the Portfolio, the anticipated proceeds to be realised from any Enforcement Action and whether the Enforcement Threshold will be met, the Trustee may appoint an independent investment banking firm or other appropriate advisor to advise it and may obtain and rely on an opinion and/or advice of such independent investment banking firm or other appropriate advisor (the cost of which shall be payable as Trustee Fees and Expenses, unless otherwise received in full by the Trustee following such indemnification and/or prefunding and/or security as described above) and shall be exempted from any liability arising directly or indirectly from any action taken or not taken by the Trustee in connection with such opinion and/or advice.
The Trustee shall notify the Noteholders, the Issuer, the Agents, the Collateral Manager, each Hedge Counterparty and the Rating Agencies in the event that it makes an Enforcement Threshold Determination at any time or takes any Enforcement Action at any time (such notice an “Enforcement Notice”). Following the effectiveness of an Acceleration Notice which has not been rescinded and annulled in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Curing of Default) or, as the case may be, following automatic acceleration of the Notes or pursuant to an Optional Redemption in whole in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Optional Redemption) or 7(g) (Redemption Following Note Tax Event), Interest Proceeds, Principal Proceeds and the net proceeds of enforcement of the security over the Collateral (other than with respect to (i) any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral,
(ii) amounts standing to the credit of the Interest Account which represent Hedge Issuer Tax Credit Payments which are required to be paid or returned to a Hedge Counterparty outside the Priorities of Payment in accordance with the Hedge Agreement and/or Condition 3(l)(ii) (Interest Account),
(iii) amounts standing to the credit of the Currency Account which represent Sale Proceeds, repayments and prepayments in respect of Non-Euro Obligations sold subject to and in accordance with the terms of a Currency Hedge Transaction which shall be paid to the relevant Hedge Counterparty in accordance with the terms thereof outside the Priorities of Payment) or (iv) amounts standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account, which the Collateral Manager has not
designated for application in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments which shall instead be applied at the discretion of the Collateral Manager following acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration)) shall be credited to the Payment Account and shall be distributed in accordance with the following order of priority but in each case only to the extent that all payments of a higher priority have been made in full (the “Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments”):
(A) to the payment of taxes owing by the Issuer accrued (other than any Irish corporate income tax in relation to the Issuer Profit Amount referred to below), as certified by an Authorised Officer of the Issuer to the Trustee, if any, (save for any VAT payable in respect of any Collateral Management Fee or any tax payable in relation to any amount payable to the Secured Parties and which arises as a result of the payment of that amount to the relevant Secured Party); and to the payment of the Issuer Profit Amount, to be retained by the Issuer for Irish tax purposes, for deposit into the Issuer Profit Account from time to time;
(B) to the payment of accrued and unpaid Trustee Fees and Expenses up to an amount equal to the Senior Expenses Cap in respect of the related Due Period, provided that upon an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration), the Senior Expenses Cap shall not apply in respect of such Trustee Fees and Expenses;
(C) to the payment of Administrative Expenses in the priority stated in the definition thereof up to an amount equal to the Senior Expenses Cap in respect of the related Due Period less any amounts paid pursuant to paragraph (B) above, provided that upon an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration), the Senior Expenses Cap shall not apply in respect of such Administrative Expenses;
(D) to the payment:
(1) firstly, to the Collateral Manager of the Senior Management Fee due and payable on such Payment Date and any VAT in respect thereof (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority) save for any Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts; and
(2) secondly, to the Collateral Manager, any previously due and unpaid Senior Management Fees (other than the Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts) and any VAT in respect thereof (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority),
(E) to the payment, on a pro rata basis, of (i) any Scheduled Periodic Hedge Issuer Payments,
(ii) any Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payments (to the extent not paid out of the Currency Account, any relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts or the Hedge Termination Account and other than Defaulted Currency Hedge Termination Payments), (iii) any Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Termination Payments (to the extent not paid out of the Interest Account, any relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts or the Hedge Termination Account and other than Defaulted Interest Rate Hedge Termination Payments) and (iv) any FX Forward Issuer Termination Payments (to the extent not paid out of the Currency Account or the Hedge Termination Account and other than Defaulted FX Forward Termination Payments);
(F) to the payment on a pro rata basis of all Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class A Notes;
(G) to the redemption on a pro rata basis of the Class A Notes, until the Class A Notes have been redeemed in full;
(H) to the payment on a pro rata basis of all Interest Amounts due and payable on the Class B Notes;
(I) to the redemption on a pro rata and pari passu basis of the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes, until the Class B-1 Notes and the Class B-2 Notes have been redeemed in full;
(J) to the payment on a pro rata basis of all Interest Amounts (including any Deferred Interest and interest on Deferred Interest) due and payable on the Class C Notes;
(K) to the redemption on a pro rata basis of the Class C Notes, until the Class C Notes have been redeemed in full;
(L) to the payment on a pro rata basis of all Interest Amounts (including any Deferred Interest and interest on Deferred Interest) due and payable on the Class D Notes;
(M) to the redemption on a pro rata basis of the Class D Notes, until the Class D Notes have been redeemed in full;
(N) to the payment on a pro rata basis of all Interest Amounts (including any Deferred Interest and interest on Deferred Interest) due and payable on the Class E Notes;
(O) to the redemption on a pro rata basis of the Class E Notes, until the Class E Notes have been redeemed in full;
(P) to the payment on a pro rata basis of all Interest Amounts (including any Deferred Interest and interest on Deferred Interest) due and payable on the Class F Notes;
(Q) to the redemption on a pro rata basis of the Class F Notes, until the Class F Notes have been redeemed in full;
(R) to the payment:
(1) firstly, the Class Z Noteholder Amount on a pro rata basis as interest thereon until such Class Z Noteholder Amount has been paid in full;
(2) secondly, to the Class Z Noteholders of any previously due and unpaid Class Z Noteholder Amount (other than Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts) on a pro rata basis as interest thereon until such Class Z Noteholder Amount has been paid in full;
(3) thirdly, to the Collateral Manager in payment of any Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts and any VAT in respect thereof (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority);
(4) fourthly, to the Class Z Noteholders on a pro rata basis in payment of any previously Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts until such Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts have been paid in full and in payment of the redemption price of the Class Z Notes in accordance with Condition 7(m) (Mandatory Redemption of the Class Z Notes); and
(5) fifthly, to the repayment of any Collateral Manager Advances and any interest thereon;
(S) to the payment of Trustee Fees and Expenses not paid by reason of the Senior Expenses Cap (if any), in relation to each item thereof, on a pro rata basis;
(T) to the payment of Administrative Expenses not paid by reason of the Senior Expenses Cap (if any), in relation to each item thereof in the order of priority stated in the definition thereof, provided that, following an enforcement of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 11 (Enforcement), such payment shall only be made to any recipients thereof that are Secured Parties;
(U) to the payment on a pari passu and pro rata basis of any Defaulted Currency Hedge Termination Payments due to any Currency Hedge Counterparty, any Defaulted Interest Rate Hedge Termination Payments due to any Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty or any Defaulted FX Forward Termination Payments due to any FX Forward Counterparty (in each case to the extent not paid out of the Hedge Termination Account or any relevant Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account);
(V) subject to the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold having been reached (after taking into account all prior distributions to Subordinated Noteholders and any distributions to be made to Subordinated Noteholders on such Payment Date, including pursuant to paragraph
(W) below, paragraph (DD) of the Interest Priority of Payments and paragraph (U) of the Principal Priority of Payments),
(1) firstly, to the payment to the Collateral Manager of 20 per cent. of any remaining proceeds (after any payment required to be made to the Subordinated Noteholders pursuant to paragraph (W) below in order to satisfy the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold) in payment of an Incentive Collateral Management Fee; and
(2) secondly, to the payment of any VAT in respect of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee referred to in (a) above (whether payable to the Collateral Manager or directly to the relevant taxing authority); and
(W) on a pro rata and pari passu basis, any remaining proceeds:
(1) to the payment of principal on the Subordinated Notes on a pro rata basis and thereafter to the payment of interest on a pro rata basis on the Subordinated Notes (in each case determined upon redemption in full thereof by reference to the proportion that the principal amount of the Subordinated Notes held by Subordinated Noteholders bore to the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such redemption); and
(2) to each Reinvesting Noteholder to the repayment of any Reinvestment Amounts on a pro rata basis,
provided that where the payment of any amount in accordance with the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments set out above is subject to any deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax, or any other tax is payable to a taxing authority by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of any such amount, payment of the amount so deducted or withheld or of the other tax so payable shall be made to the relevant taxing authority pari passu with (other than in respect of any VAT in respect of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee at paragraph (V) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments) and, so far as possible, at the same time as the payment of the amount in respect of which the relevant deduction or withholding or other liability to tax has arisen, and further provided that if the Issuer must account to the recipient of any payment for any amounts in respect of VAT or in respect of any other taxes attributable to any of the items referred to in the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments set out above then such amounts in respect of such taxes shall be paid pro rata and pari passu with such items (other than in respect of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee at paragraph
(V) of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments), and provided further that when the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments has been applied as a result of the enforcement of the security pursuant to Condition 11 (Enforcement), payments contemplated in paragraphs (C) and (T) will only be made to such parties which are also Secured Parties.
(c) Only Trustee to Act
Only the Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the Trust Deed to enforce the rights of the Noteholders or, in respect of the Collateral, of any of the other Secured Parties under the Trust Deed and the Notes and no Noteholder or other Secured Party (other than the Trustee) may proceed directly against the Issuer or any of its assets unless the Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable period after having received notice of such failure and such failure or neglect continues for at least 30 days following receipt of such notice by the Trustee. Any proceeds received by a Noteholder or other Secured Party pursuant to any such proceedings brought by a Noteholder or other Secured Party shall be paid promptly following receipt thereof to the Trustee for application pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed. After realisation of the security which has become enforceable and distribution of the net proceeds in accordance with the Priorities of Payment, no Noteholder or other Secured Party may take any further steps against the Issuer to recover any sum still unpaid in respect of the Notes or the Issuer’s obligations to such Secured Party
and all claims against the Issuer to recover any sum still unpaid in respect of the Notes or the Issuer’s obligations to such Secured Party and all claims against the Issuer in respect of such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, none of the Trustee, any Noteholder or any other Secured Party shall be entitled in respect thereof to petition or take any other step for the winding up of the Issuer except to the extent permitted under the Trust Deed.
(d) Purchase of Collateral by Noteholders or Collateral Manager
Upon any sale of any part of the Collateral following the acceleration of the Notes under Condition 10(b) (Acceleration), whether made under the power of sale under the Trust Deed or by virtue of judicial proceedings, any Noteholder, the Collateral Manager or any Collateral Manager Related Person may (but shall not be obliged to) bid for and purchase the Collateral or any part thereof and, upon compliance with the terms of sale, may hold, retain, possess or dispose of such property in its or their own absolute right without accountability. In addition, any purchaser in any such sale which is a Noteholder may deliver Notes held by it in place of payment of the purchase price for such Collateral where the amount payable to such Noteholder in respect of such Notes pursuant to the Priorities of Payment, had the purchase price been paid in cash, is equal to or exceeds such purchase price.
12. Prescription
Claims in respect of principal and interest payable on redemption in full of the relevant Notes while the Notes are represented by a Definitive Certificate will become void unless presentation for payment is made as required by Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) within a period of five years, in the case of interest, and ten years, in the case of principal, from the date on which payment in respect of such Notes is received by the Principal Paying Agent.
Notwithstanding the above, claims against the Issuer in respect of principal and interest on the Notes while the Notes are represented by a Global Certificate will become void unless presented for payment within a period of ten years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the date on which any payment first becomes due.
13. Replacement of Notes
If any Note is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be replaced at the specified office of the Transfer Agent, subject in each case to all applicable laws and Euronext Dublin requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer or the Transfer Agent may require (provided that the requirement is reasonable in the light of prevailing market practice). Mutilated or defaced Notes must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.
14. Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution

(a) Provisions in Trust Deed
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders (and for passing Electronic Resolutions and Written Resolutions) to consider matters affecting the interests of the Noteholders including, without limitation, modifying or waiving certain of the provisions of these Conditions and the substitution of the Issuer in certain circumstances. The provisions in this Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) are descriptive of the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed.
(b) Decisions and Meetings of Noteholders
(i) General
Decisions may be taken by Noteholders by way of Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution, in each case, either acting together (subject as provided in paragraph (xi) below) or, to the extent specified in any applicable Transaction Document or these Conditions, by a Class of Noteholders acting independently. Save to the extent expressly stated otherwise, separate meetings of the
Noteholders of each Class shall be convened and held. Ordinary Resolutions and Extraordinary Resolutions can be effected either at a duly convened meeting of the applicable Noteholders or by the applicable Noteholders resolving in writing or electronically, in each case, in at least the minimum percentages specified in the table “Minimum Percentage Voting Requirements” in paragraph (iv) below. Meetings of the Noteholders may be convened by the Issuer, the Trustee (subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) or by one or more Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in principal amount of the Notes Outstanding of a particular Class, subject to certain conditions including minimum notice periods. Where decisions are to be taken by an Electronic Resolution or a Written Resolution of a Class or Classes under the Trust Deed or these Conditions, such decision may only be made in accordance with Condition 14(b)(vi) (Electronic Resolutions) or Condition 14(b)(v) (Written Resolutions), as applicable, below.
The holder of each Global Certificate will be treated as being one person for the purposes of any quorum requirements of, or the right to demand a poll at, a meeting of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, as having one vote in respect of each (i) €1.00 (in respect of the Class Z Notes), and (ii)
€1,000 (in respect of each Class of Notes other than the Class Z Notes), in each case, of principal amount of Notes for which the relevant Global Certificate may be exchanged.
Notice of any Resolution passed by the Noteholders will be given by the Issuer to S&P and Moody’s in writing.
(ii) Quorum
The quorum required for any meeting convened to consider an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution, in each case, of all the Noteholders or of any Class or Classes of Noteholders, or at any adjourned meeting to consider such a Resolution, shall be as set out in the relevant column and row corresponding to the type of resolution in the table “Quorum Requirements” below. The Trust Deed does not contain any provision for higher quorums in any circumstances.
Type of Resolution
Extraordinary Resolution of the Controlling Class solely in relation to an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration)
Extraordinary Resolution of all Noteholders (or a certain Class or Classes only) (other than an Extraordinary Resolution of the Controlling Class solely in relation to an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration))
Ordinary Resolution of all Noteholders (or a certain Class or Classes only)
(iii) Disenfranchisement
‎Any meeting (other than a meeting adjourned for want of quorum)
One or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Controlling Class
One or more persons holding or representing not less than 66⅔ per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes (or the relevant Class or Classes only, if applicable)
One or more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes (or the relevant Class or Classes only, if applicable)
‎
Meeting previously adjourned for want of quorum
One or more persons holding or representing not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Controlling Class
One or more persons holding or representing not less than 25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes (or the relevant Class or Classes only, if applicable)
One or more persons holding or representing 25 per cent. of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes (or the relevant Class or Classes only, if applicable)
(A) In connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution, Notes held by (i) Collateral Manager Related Persons shall not be entitled to vote or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting in respect of such CM Removal Resolution, and (ii) the Collateral Manager shall not be entitled
to vote or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting in respect of such CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution.
(B) The Class Z Notes shall not have any voting rights in respect of, and shall not be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the result of voting in respect of any CM Removal Resolution or CM Replacement Resolution.
(iv) Minimum Voting Rights
Set out in the table “Minimum Percentage Voting Requirements” below are the minimum percentages required to pass the Resolutions specified in such table which, (A) in the event that such Resolution is being considered at a duly convened meeting of Noteholders, shall be determined by reference to the percentage which the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of Notes held or represented by any person or persons who vote in favour of such Resolution represents of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all applicable Notes which are represented at such meeting and are voted or, (B) in the case of any Electronic Resolution or Written Resolution, shall be determined by reference to the percentage which the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of Notes entitled to be voted in respect of such Resolution and which are voted in favour thereof represent of the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of all the Notes entitled to vote in respect of such Electronic Resolution or Written Resolution.
Minimum Percentage Voting Requirements

Type of ResolutionPer cent.
Extraordinary Resolution of the Controlling Class solely in relation to an acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration)
Extraordinary Resolution of all Noteholders (or of a certain Class or Classes only)
Ordinary Resolution of all Noteholders (or of a certain Class or Classes only)
(v) Written Resolutions
‎
At least 66⅔ per cent.
At least 66⅔ per cent. More than 50 per cent.
Any Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the relevant Noteholders and the date of such Written Resolution shall be the date on which the latest such document is signed. Notwithstanding, any other provision of these Conditions or any Transaction Document, any Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary Resolution may be passed by way of a Written Resolution instead of at a meeting of the Noteholders (or the Affected Class or Classes as applicable). There are no quorum requirements in relation to a Written Resolution.
(vi) Electronic Resolutions
The Trust Deed provides that any Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary Resolution may be passed by way of consent given by way of electronic consents through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Trustee) by or on behalf of the relevant number of required Noteholders for such Extraordinary Resolution or Ordinary Resolution (as applicable).
(vii) All Resolutions Binding
Subject to Condition 14(e) (Entitlement of the Trustee and Conflicts of Interest) and in accordance with the Trust Deed, any Resolution of the Noteholders (including any resolution of a specified Class or Classes of Noteholders, where the resolution of one or more other Classes is not required) duly passed shall be binding on all Noteholders (regardless of Class and regardless of whether or not a Noteholder was present at the meeting at which such Resolution was passed).
(viii) Extraordinary Resolution
Any Resolution to sanction any of the following items will be required to be passed by an Extraordinary Resolution (in each case, other than in connection with any modifications or amendments made contemporaneously with a Refinancing of the Rated Notes in full which will require the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders acting by way of Ordinary Resolution only and subject to anything else contemplated in these Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or the other Transaction Documents):
(A) the exchange or substitution for the Notes of a Class for, or the conversion of the Notes of a Class into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other entity (other than Refinancing Obligations);
(B) the modification of any provision relating to the timing and/or circumstances of the payment of interest or redemption of the Notes of the relevant Class at maturity or otherwise (including the circumstances in which the maturity of such Notes may be accelerated) other than any such change in the timing of the payment of interest that occurs as a consequence of the occurrence of Frequency Switch Event;
(C) the modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed which would directly and adversely affect the calculation of the amount of any payment of interest or principal on any Note;
(D) the adjustment of the outstanding principal amount of the Notes Outstanding of the relevant Class other than in connection with a further issue of Notes pursuant to Condition 17 (Additional Issuances) or as otherwise contemplated in these Conditions;
(E) a change in the currency of payment of the Notes of a Class;
(F) any change in the Priorities of Payment or of any payment items in the Priorities of Payment which is determined by the Trustee to be materially prejudicial to the interests of any Class of Noteholders;
(G) the modification of the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the minimum percentage required to pass a Resolution or any other provision of these Conditions which requires the written consent of the holders of a requisite principal amount of the Notes of any Class Outstanding;
(H) any modification of any Transaction Document having a material adverse effect on the security over the Collateral constituted by the Trust Deed;
(I) any item requiring approval by Extraordinary Resolution to these Conditions or the Transaction Documents; and
(J) any modification of this Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution).
(ix) Ordinary Resolution
Any meeting of the Noteholders shall (in each case, subject to anything else specified in the Trust Deed, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or the relevant Transaction Document, as applicable) have power by Ordinary Resolution to approve any other matter relating to the Notes not explicitly required by these Conditions or any Transaction Document to be passed by Extraordinary Resolution or referred to in paragraph (viii) (Extraordinary Resolution) above.
(x) Resolutions affecting Other Classes
If and for so long as any Notes of more than one Class are Outstanding, in relation to any meeting of Noteholders:
(A) subject to paragraphs (C) and (D) below, a Resolution which in the opinion of the Trustee affects only the Notes of a Class or Classes (the “Affected Class(es)”), but not another Class or Classes, as the case may be, shall be duly passed if passed at a meeting or meetings of the holders of the Notes of the Affected Class(es) and such Resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders, including the holders of Notes which are not an Affected Class;
(B) subject to paragraphs (C) and (D) below, a Resolution which in the opinion of the Trustee affects the Notes of each Class shall be duly passed only if passed at meetings of the Noteholders of each Class;
(C) a Resolution passed by the Controlling Class to exercise any rights granted to them pursuant to the Conditions or any Transaction Document shall be duly passed if passed at a meeting of the Controlling Class and such resolution shall be binding on all the Noteholders; and
(D) a Resolution passed by at least 66⅔ per cent. of the votes cast at a duly convened meeting of the Subordinated Noteholders to exercise the rights granted to them pursuant to the Conditions shall be passed if passed only at a meeting of the Subordinated Noteholders and such resolution shall be binding on all of the Noteholders.
(c) Modification and Waiver
The Trust Deed and the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement both provide that, without the consent of the Noteholders (save where such consent is specified below), the Issuer may amend, modify, supplement and/or waive the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed and/or the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and/or any other Transaction Document (subject to the consent of the other parties thereto and except as otherwise provided therein) (as applicable), other than (but without affecting the rights of the Trustee under paragraphs (M), (N), (P) and (MM) below) any such amendment, modification, supplement and/or waiver that has the effect of sanctioning an item which is required to be passed by an Extraordinary Resolution under Condition 14(b)(viii) (Extraordinary Resolution), and the Trustee shall consent to (without the prior consent, direction or sanction of the Noteholders, subject as provided below) such amendment, supplement, modification or waiver (other than in the case of an amendment, modification, supplement or waiver pursuant to paragraphs (M), (N), (P) and (MM) below, which shall be subject to the prior written consent of the Trustee in accordance with the relevant paragraph), for any of the following purposes:
(A) to add to the covenants of the Issuer for the benefit of the Noteholders;
(B) to charge, convey, transfer, assign, mortgage or pledge any property to or with the Trustee or add to the conditions, limitations, or restrictions on authorised amount, terms of the issue, authentication and delivery of the Notes;
(C) to correct or amplify the description of any property at any time subject to the security of the Trust Deed, or to better assure, convey and confirm unto the Trustee any property subject or required to be subject to the security of the Trust Deed (including, without limitation, any and all actions necessary or desirable as a result of changes in law or regulations) or to subject to the security of the Trust Deed any additional property;
(D) to modify the provisions of the Trust Deed relating to the creation, perfection, preservation or the security interests of the Trustee in the Collateral to conform with applicable law;
(E) to evidence and provide for the acceptance of appointment under the Trust Deed by a successor Trustee subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and to add to or change any of the provisions of the Trust Deed as shall be necessary to facilitate the administration of
the trusts under the Trust Deed by more than one Trustee, pursuant to the requirements of the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed;
(F) to make such changes as shall be necessary or advisable in order for the Notes of each Class to be (or to remain) listed and admitted to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin or any other exchange and to authorise the appointment of any listing agent, transfer agent, paying agent or additional registrar for any Class of Notes required or advisable in connection with the listing of such Notes, and otherwise to amend the Trust Deed to incorporate any changes required or requested by any governmental authority, stock exchange authority, listing agent, paying agent or additional registrar for any Class of Notes in connection therewith;
(G) to amend, modify, enter into, accommodate the execution or facilitate the transfer by the relevant Hedge Counterparty of any Hedge Agreement upon terms satisfactory to the Collateral Manager and subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation;
(H) save as contemplated in paragraph 14(d) (Substitution) below, to take any action advisable to prevent the Issuer from becoming subject to (or to otherwise reduce) withholding or other taxes, fees or assessments;
(I) to take any action advisable: (i) to prevent, reduce or eliminate the risk that the Issuer will be treated as resident outside of Ireland for tax purposes (including being treated as resident in the UK for UK tax purposes), as not entitled to relief from UK tax under the UK-Ireland double tax treaty, or as trading in the UK for UK tax purposes; or (ii) to prevent the Issuer from being subject to (or its representatives being subject to), or to otherwise reduce liability to, any UK diverted profits tax or similar tax; or (iii) to prevent the Issuer from being subject to any VAT in respect of any Collateral Management Fees or Class Z Noteholder Amounts (whether directly, by way of reverse charge, or by way of a reimbursement obligation);
(J) to take any action advisable to prevent the Issuer from being treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business or otherwise subject to United States federal, state or local income tax on a net income basis;
(K) to reduce the risk that the Issuer will be treated other than as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
(L) to modify the restrictions on and procedures for resales and other transfers of Notes to reflect any changes in ERISA or other applicable law or regulation (or the interpretation thereof) in each case to enable the Issuer to rely upon any exemption from registration under the Securities Act or upon any exemption from, registration as, or exclusion or exemption from the definition of, an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act or to remove restrictions on resale and transfer to the extent not required thereunder;
(M) to enter into any additional agreements not expressly prohibited by the Trust Deed or the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (as applicable) as well as any amendment, modification or waiver of such additional agreements if the Trustee determines that such entry into such additional agreements, amendment, modification or waiver would not, upon becoming effective, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class, in each case, provided that any such additional agreements include customary limited recourse and non-petition provisions;
(N) to make any other modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or any other Transaction Document which, in the opinion of the Trustee, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error and, in the case of a modification of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, subject to the consent in writing of the Collateral Manager;
(O) subject to Rating Agency Confirmation and the consent of the Controlling Class acting by Ordinary Resolution: (1) to make any modifications to (i) the Collateral Quality Tests (other than an extension of the period referred to in the definition of Weighted Average Life Test),
Portfolio Profile Tests, Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test, Reinvestment Criteria or Eligibility Criteria and all related definitions, provided that any such modification to the Collateral Quality Tests required to be made in order to reflect changes in the methodology applied by the Rating Agencies and expressly required for such purpose by each applicable Rating Agency shall not require Rating Agency Confirmation or the consent of the Controlling Class, (ii) the definitions of “Credit Improved Obligation”, “Credit Risk Obligation”, “Defaulted Obligation” and “Exchanged Security”, (iii) any defined term in the Conditions or other Transaction Documents that begins with or includes the word “Moody’s” or “S&P”,
(iv) the restrictions on the sale of Collateral Obligations as set out in “The Portfolio – Management of the Portfolio” (other than the calculation of the Portfolio Profile Tests and the Collateral Quality Tests) and (v) the restrictions on and modifications of Collateral Obligations as set out in “The Portfolio – Management of the Portfolio – Amendments to Collateral Obligations”; and (2) to extend the period referred to in the definition of Weighted Average Life Test by up to 12 months, provided that any extension of more than 12 months or any subsequent extension of such period shall require the additional approval of the Class B Noteholders and the Class D Noteholders, in each case acting by Ordinary Resolution;
(P) to make any other modification (save as otherwise provided in the Trust Deed, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or the relevant Transaction Document), and/or give any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document which in the opinion of the Trustee is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class and, in the case of a modification of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, subject to the consent in writing of the Collateral Manager;
(Q) to amend the name of the Issuer;
(R) to make any amendments to the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document to enable the Issuer to comply with FATCA and the CRS (or any other similar regime for the reporting and automatic exchange of information);
(S) subject (other than in the case of a Refinancing) to Rating Agency Confirmation (or such other confirmation as the relevant Rating Agency is willing to provide from time to time that such modifications or amendments will not result in the reduction or withdrawal of any ratings currently assigned to the Rated Notes by such Rating Agency) and the consent of the Controlling Class acting by Ordinary Resolution, to modify or amend any components of the Moody’s Test Matrix (provided that any such modification required to be made in order to reflect changes in the methodology applied by the Rating Agencies and expressly required for such purpose by each applicable Rating Agency shall not require Rating Agency Confirmation or the consent of the Controlling Class);
(T) to make any changes necessary (x) to reflect any additional issuances of Notes in accordance with Condition 17 (Additional Issuances) or (y) to issue any replacement notes in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing), Condition 7(b)(vii)(A) (Refinancing in relation to a Redemption in Whole) and Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption Effected Through Regulatory Refinancing);
(U) to facilitate a Regulatory Refinancing or any changes required as a consequence of a Regulatory Refinancing in each case, under Condition 7(b)(viii) (Optional Redemption effected through Regulatory Refinancing);
(V) to modify the Transaction Documents in order to comply with Rule 17g-5 of the Exchange Act;
(W) to (i) evidence any waiver or modification by any Rating Agency in its rating methodology or as to any requirement or condition, as applicable, of such Rating Agency set out in the Transaction Documents subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation (if required, as determined by the Collateral Manager acting in accordance with the standard of care specified in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and on the basis of material
published by the applicable Rating Agency) from the Rating Agency to which such waiver, modification, requirement or condition relates or (ii) to otherwise conform any Transaction Document to this Offering Circular;
(X) to modify the terms of the Transaction Documents in order that they may be consistent with the requirements of the Rating Agencies, including to address any change in the rating methodology employed by either Rating Agency, and to conform to ratings criteria and other guidelines (including, without limitation, any alternative methodologies published by either of the Rating Agencies or any of the Rating Agencies’ credit models or guidelines for ratings determination) applied by the Rating Agencies, subject to receipt by the Trustee of Rating Agency Confirmation in respect of the Rated Notes from each Rating Agency (upon which confirmation the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability);
(Y) (1) to modify the terms of the Transaction Documents and/or the Conditions in order to enable the Issuer to comply with any requirements which apply to it under EMIR, AIFMD, the CFTC, the Dodd-Frank Act, CRA3 or the Securitisation Regulation or (2) without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, modify the Transaction Documents and take such other action necessary or desirable (such as converting any interests of Noteholders in Definitive Certificates into interests in Global Certificates) in order to comply with Regulation (EU) No 909/2014 as amended from time to time (and any successor regulatory requirements thereto);
(Z) to make any other modification of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or any other Transaction Document to comply with changes in the EU Retention Requirements and the EU Transparency Requirements or to comply with the Securitisation Regulation and/or any U.S. Retention Regulations (to the extent applicable);
(AA) to make such changes as shall be necessary to facilitate the Issuer to effect a Refinancing in part in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing);
(BB) to make such changes as are necessary to facilitate the transfer of any Hedge Agreement to a replacement counterparty or the roles of any Agent to a replacement agent, in each case in circumstances where such Hedge Counterparty or Agent that is subject to a Rating Requirement does not satisfy the applicable Rating Requirement and subject to such replacement counterparty or agent (as applicable) satisfying the applicable requirements in the Transaction Documents;
(CC) subject to Rating Agency Confirmation (or such other confirmation as the relevant Rating Agency is willing to provide from time to time that such modifications or amendments will not result in the reduction or withdrawal of any ratings currently assigned to the Rated Notes by such Rating Agency) (other than in the case of a Refinancing or to the extent otherwise permitted pursuant to this Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver)), to amend, modify or supplement any Hedge Agreement to the extent necessary to allow the Issuer or the relevant Hedge Counterparty to comply with any enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in or amendment to, any law or regulation (or in the application or official interpretation of any law or regulation) that occurs after the parties enter into the Hedge Agreement;
(DD) to modify the terms of any Hedge Agreements in order to enable the Issuer and/or a Hedge Counterparty to comply with any regulatory requirements applicable to it which come into force after the Issue Date;
(EE) to evidence the succession of another person to the Issuer and the assumption by any such successor person of the covenants of the Issuer in the Transaction Documents and in the Notes, provided that any such successor issuer shall not have a worse position than the Issuer in respect of any tax, legal or regulatory requirement or tax treatment;
(FF) subject to certification of the necessity of such amendment by the Issuer to the Trustee (upon which certification the Trustee shall be entitled to rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability) to amend, modify or otherwise accommodate changes to any Transaction Document relating to the administrative procedures for reaffirmation of ratings on the Notes as required by the rating criteria of the Rating Agencies;
(GG) to accommodate the settlement of the Notes in book entry form through the facilities of DTC and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg;
(HH) to change the date within the month on which reports are required to be delivered;
(II) to make such modifications to the provisions of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and the Conditions as the Collateral Manager has certified to the Trustee (upon which certificate the Trustee may rely absolutely and without enquiry or liability) are necessary in order to calculate the amounts due on any unscheduled Payment Date directed under Condition 3(n) (Unscheduled Payment Dates);
(JJ) to make any modification or amendment determined by the Issuer, as advised by the Collateral Manager, (in consultation with legal counsel experienced in such matters) as necessary or advisable for any Class of Rated Notes to not be considered an “ownership interest” as defined for purposes of section 13 of the U.S. Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and the applicable rules and regulations thereunder, provided that such modification or amendment would not, in the opinion of the Issuer, be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class;
(KK) to supplement or modify the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or any other Transaction Document necessary to allow the Issuer to appoint an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager (which has the required Irish regulatory capacity) to perform certain of the collateral management services under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement where the Collateral Manager no longer has the Irish regulatory capacity to provide such services to the Issuer provided that (i) the Collateral Manager shall at times remain liable to the Issuer for the performance of such services, (ii) the Issuer shall not be obliged to pay any additional fees or other amounts to such Affiliate of the Collateral Manager in connection with the provision of such services, (iii) at such time, such services continue to be necessary (in the opinion of the Collateral Manager) for the management of the Portfolio in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, (iv) the Collateral Manager and the Trustee have received an opinion (in a format acceptable to the Collateral Manager acting reasonably and to the Trustee) from internationally recognised tax counsel in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Affiliate that the appointment of the Affiliate by the Issuer should not cause the Issuer to be subject to any incremental tax in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the Affiliate and (v) the appointment of the Affiliate by the Issuer in such circumstances shall not cause any breach of the EU Retention Requirements;
(LL) to enter into one or more supplemental trust deeds or any other modification, authorisation or waiver to permit the use of an Alternative Base Rate for the purpose of (i) changing the reference rate, or the methodology of calculating the reference rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes from EURIBOR, (ii) replacing references to “EURIBOR”, “Euro Interbank Offered Rate”, or any other similar term referring to an applicable reference rate as the context requires when used with respect to a calculation relating to a Floating Rate Collateral Obligation, (iii) amending provisions which refer to an index intended to have an equivalent frequency and setting date to a Floating Rate Collateral Obligation to the extent that no such index is available and
(iv) making such other amendments as are necessary or advisable in the reasonable judgement of the Collateral Manager to facilitate the foregoing changes (in each case, a “EURIBOR Replacement Modification”), provided that:
(1) such amendments and modifications are only undertaken after the Collateral Manager has notified the Trustee and the Issuer of (x) a material disruption to LIBOR or EURIBOR,
(y) a change in the methodology of calculating LIBOR or EURIBOR (or any other
applicable or related benchmark) or (z) LIBOR or EURIBOR (or any other applicable or related benchmark) ceasing to be available or published (or of the Collateral Manager’s reasonable expectation that any of the events specified in sub-clause (x), (y) or (z) will occur) (in each case, a “EURIBOR Disruption”); and
(2) If no EURIBOR Replacement Modification has been entered into within 15 Business Days of the Collateral Manager notifying the Trustee and the Issuer of a EURIBOR Disruption, then the Collateral Manager shall select (in its commercially reasonable discretion) an Alternative Base Rate to be used for the applicable EURIBOR Replacement Modification, and such EURIBOR Replacement Modification shall take effect without the execution of a supplemental trust deed or other modification, authorisation or waiver.
“Alternative Base Rate” means, at the reasonable discretion of the Collateral Manager, either:
(i) any rate (and, if applicable, the methodology for calculating such rate) formally proposed, recommended or recognised as an industry standard rate (whether by letter, protocol, publication of standard terms or otherwise) by, in each case, the most applicable of the Loan Markets Association, the Association for Financial Markets in Europe, or the Loan Syndications & Trading Association (or, in each case, any successor organisation thereto) as a replacement reference rate for the calculation of the relevant reference rate (or the most appropriate such rate for the context in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable judgement in the event that multiple valid replacement rates are proposed, recommended or recognised);
(ii) if at least 50 per cent. of the Floating Rate Collateral Obligations (by principal balance) pay interest based on a base rate other than EURIBOR, then the base rate applicable to the greatest percentage of such Floating Rate Collateral Obligations (which base rate shall include any reference rate modifier that is applied to such base rate in order to cause such base rate to be comparable to 3-month EURIBOR);
(iii) the EUR denominated form of the most common reference rate, other than EURIBOR, used to determine the floating rate of interest on securities issued by collateralised loan obligations whose collateral consists primarily of broadly syndicated Secured Senior Loans denominated in Euro or Sterling within the prior six months (the determination of which may be based, in the Collateral Manager’s reasonable judgement, on information provided by any of the Rating Agencies, the Initial Purchaser, or other, similarly situated, nationally recognised firms) (which rate shall include any reference rate modifier that is applied to such rate in order to cause such rate to be comparable to 3-month EURIBOR); or
(iv) any other rate consented to by the Controlling Class (acting by Ordinary Resolution), provided that, if the Issuer requests consent for an Alternative Base Rate from the Controlling Class, any Noteholder of the Controlling Class who does not object to such request within 20 Business Days shall be deemed to have consented to such Alternative Base Rate,
provided that (x) the Collateral Manager shall seek to determine an Alternative Base Rate in accordance with paragraph (i)to the extent that such determination is practicable, and
(y) if the Alternative Base Rate is being determined under paragraphs (ii) or (iii) above and the Collateral Manager is capable of determining the Alternative Base Rate under both paragraphs (ii) and (iii), the Collateral Manager shall select the higher of the two rates.
(MM) to reduce the permitted Minimum Denomination of the Notes; provided that any such reduction in Minimum Denomination shall not be materially prejudicial to (i) in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders of any Class or (ii) in the opinion of the Issuer, the Issuer (in respect of any legal or regulatory requirement or tax treatment of the Issuer), or would otherwise
contravene the requirements of any applicable law or regulation binding on the Issuer or any other party to the Transaction Documents;
(NN) to make any change necessary to prevent the Issuer from falling within the definition of a commodity pool under the CEA or the Collateral Manager from falling within the definition of a CPO and/or a CTA;
(OO) to make any other modifications to the Transaction Documents to enable the Issuer to comply with a financial transaction tax that it is or becomes subject to, provided that any such modification would not, in the opinion of the Issuer (acting reasonably), be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class;
(PP) to correct any inconsistencies or cure any ambiguities or errors (including typographical errors)
(i) in the Transaction Documents, (ii) between any provision of the Transaction Documents and the Conditions or (iii) in connection with the Conditions or any documents delivered in connection with the Transaction Documents;
(QQ) upon the appointment of a successor collateral manager, to modify the duties, fees (and in the case of any modification which increases the Senior Management Fees) and obligations of such collateral manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, subject to the prior consent of the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution and the Controlling Class acting by Extraordinary Resolution (in each case excluding (x) any CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes, (y) any CM Non-Voting Notes and (z) any Notes held by the Collateral Manager or its Affiliates and/or any Notes over which the Collateral Manager or any Affiliate thereof has discretionary voting authority) and each other party to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement;
(RR) in relation to a Refinancing of all Classes of Rated Notes in whole, subject to the consent of the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution, receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation and the consent of the Retention Holder, to modify all or any of the following provisions under the Transaction Documents:
(1) the end date specified in the definition of the Non-Call Period;
(2) the date specified in clause (a) in the definition of Reinvestment Period;
(3) the date specified in the definition of Maturity Date; and
(4) the date specified in the definition of the Weighted Average Life Test; and
(SS) to make any other modification of any of the provisions of any of the Transaction Documents to facilitate compliance by the Issuer with the FTT or any other similar financial transaction tax that the Issuer is or becomes subject to, provided that any such modification would not, in the opinion of the Issuer (acting reasonably), be materially prejudicial to the interest of the Noteholders of any Class.
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver shall be binding upon the Noteholders and shall be notified by the Issuer as soon as reasonably practicable following the execution of any supplemental trust deed or any other modification, authorisation or waiver pursuant to this Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver) to:
(i) each Rating Agency, so long as any of the Rated Notes remain Outstanding; and
(ii) the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein and in the Trust Deed, the Issuer shall not agree to amend, modify or supplement any provisions of the Transaction Documents if such change shall have a material adverse effect on the rights or obligations of a Hedge Counterparty without the Hedge
Counterparty’s prior written consent or on the Collateral Manager without the Collateral Manager’s written consent.
To the extent required pursuant to a Hedge Agreement, the Issuer shall notify each Hedge Counterparty of any proposed amendment to any provisions of the Transaction Documents and seek the prior consent of such Hedge Counterparty in respect thereof, in each case to the extent required in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, such notice shall only be given and such consent shall only be sought to the extent required above or in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Hedge Agreement. If a Hedge Agreement allows a certain period for the relevant Hedge Counterparty to consider and respond to such a consent request, during such period and pending a response from the relevant Hedge Counterparty, the Issuer shall not make any such proposed amendment.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Trustee shall, without the consent or sanction of any of the Noteholders (save where specified above) or any other Secured Party, concur with the Issuer in making any modification, amendment, waiver or authorisation which the Issuer certifies to the Trustee (upon which certification the Trustee is entitled to rely on absolutely and without enquiry or liability) is required pursuant to the paragraphs above (other than a modification, waiver or authorisation pursuant to paragraphs (M), (N), (P) or (MM) above in which the Trustee may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Noteholders or any other Secured Party, concur with the Issuer) to the Transaction Documents, provided that the Trustee shall not be obliged to agree to any modification or any other matter which, in the opinion of the Trustee, would have the effect of (i) exposing the Trustee to any liability against which it has not been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction or (ii) adding to or increasing the obligations, liabilities or duties, or decreasing the rights, powers, authorisations, discretions, indemnities or protections, of the Trustee in respect of the Transaction Documents.
In the case of a request for consent to a modification, amendment, waiver or authorisation pursuant to paragraphs (M), (N), (P) or (MM) above, under no circumstances shall the Trustee be required to give such consent on less than 21 days’ prior written notice and the Trustee shall be entitled to obtain legal, financial or other expert advice, at the expense of the Issuer, and rely on such advice in connection with determining whether or not to give such consent (if applicable or required) as it sees fit.
The Issuer shall procure that, so long as the Notes are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, any material amendments or modifications to these Conditions, the Trust Deed or such other conditions made pursuant to this Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) shall be notified to Euronext Dublin.
(d) Substitution
The Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Trustee to agree, subject to such amendment of the Trust Deed and such other conditions as the Trustee may require (without the consent of the Noteholders of any Class), to the substitution of any other company in place of the Issuer, or of any previous substituted company, as principal debtor under the Trust Deed and the Notes of each Class, if required for taxation purposes, provided that such substitution would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class. In the case of such a substitution the Trustee may agree, with the consent of the Controlling Class only (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution) and subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation (subject to receipt of such information and/or opinions as the Rating Agency may require), to a change of the law governing the Notes and/or the Trust Deed, provided that such change would not in the opinion of the Trustee be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders of any Class. Any substitution agreed by the Trustee pursuant to this Condition 14(d) (Substitution) shall be binding on the Noteholders, and shall be notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders as soon as practicable in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices).
The Trustee may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions specified in the Trust Deed, including receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation, agree to a change in the place of residence of the Issuer for taxation purposes without the consent of the Noteholders of any Class, provided the Issuer does all such things as the Trustee may require in order that such change in the place of residence of the Issuer for
taxation purposes is fully effective and complies with such other requirements which are in the interests of the Noteholders as it may direct.
The Issuer shall procure that, so long as the Notes are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin, any material amendments or modifications to the Conditions, the Trust Deed or such other conditions made pursuant to Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) shall be notified to Euronext Dublin.
(e) Entitlement of the Trustee and Conflicts of Interest
In connection with the exercise of its trusts, powers, duties and discretions (including but not limited to those referred to in this Condition 14(e) (Entitlement of the Trustee and Conflicts of Interest)), the Trustee shall have regard to the interests of each Class of Noteholders as a Class and shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders of such Class and the Trustee shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Noteholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Trustee or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Noteholders except to the extent already provided for in Condition 9 (Taxation).
In considering the interests of Noteholders while the Global Certificates are held on behalf of a clearing system, the Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) of its account holders with entitlements to each Global Certificate and may consider such interests as if such account holders were the holders of any Global Certificate.
The Trust Deed provides that in the event of any conflict of interest between or among the holders of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes, the interests of the holders of the Controlling Class will prevail. If the holders of the Controlling Class do not have an interest in the outcome of the conflict, the Trustee shall give priority to the interests of (i) the Class A Noteholders over the Class B Noteholders, the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders (ii) the Class B Noteholders over the Class C Noteholders, the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders, (iii) the Class C Noteholders over the Class D Noteholders, the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders, (iv) the Class D Noteholders over the Class E Noteholders, the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders, (v) the Class E Noteholders over the Class F Noteholders, the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders (vi) the Class F Noteholders over the Class Z Noteholders and the Subordinated Noteholders and (vii) the Class Z Noteholders over the Subordinated Noteholders. If the Trustee receives conflicting or inconsistent requests from two or more groups of holders of a Class, given priority as described in this paragraph, each representing less than the majority by principal amount of Notes Outstanding of such Class, the Trustee shall give priority to the group which holds the greater amount of Notes Outstanding of such Class. The Trust Deed provides further that, except as expressly provided otherwise in any applicable Transaction Document or these Conditions, the Trustee will act upon the directions of the holders of the Controlling Class (or other Class where the holders of the Class or Classes having priority over such other Class do not have an interest in the subject matter of such directions) (in each case acting by Extraordinary Resolution) subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction, and shall not be obliged to consider the interests of and is exempted from any liability to the holders of any other Class of Notes.
In addition, the Trust Deed provides that, so long as any Note is Outstanding, the Trustee shall, as regards all powers, trusts, authorities, duties and discretions vested in it by the Trust Deed, have no regard to the interests of any Secured Party other than the Noteholders or, at any time, to the interests of any other person.
15. Indemnification of the Trustee

The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility in certain circumstances, including provisions relieving it from instituting proceedings to enforce repayment or to enforce the security constituted by or pursuant to the Trust Deed, unless indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer or any other party to any Transaction Document and any entity related to the Issuer or any other party to any Transaction Document without accounting for any profit. The Trustee is exempted from any liability in respect of any loss or theft of the Collateral, from any obligation to insure, or to monitor the provisions of any insurance arrangements in respect of, the Collateral (for the avoidance of doubt, under the Trust Deed the Trustee is under no such obligation) and from any claim arising from the fact that the Collateral is held by the Custodian or is otherwise held in safe custody by a bank or other custodian. The Trustee shall not be responsible for the performance by the Custodian of any of its duties under the Agency Agreement or for the performance by the Collateral Manager of any of its duties under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, for the performance by the Collateral Administrator of its duties under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or for the performance by any other person appointed by the Issuer in relation to the Notes or by any other party to any Transaction Document. The Trustee shall not have any responsibility for the administration, management or operation of the Collateral including the request by the Collateral Manager to release any of the Collateral from time to time. The Trustee is entitled to rely on the certificates or notices of any relevant party without further enquiry. The Trustee shall accept, without investigation, requisition or objection to, such right, benefit, title and interest, if any, as the Issuer may have in and to any of the Collateral and is not bound to make any investigation into the same or into the Collateral in any respect.
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the retirement of the Trustee and the removal of the Trustee by Extraordinary Resolution of the Controlling Class, but no such retirement or removal shall become effective until a successor trustee is appointed.
16. Notices
Notices to Noteholders will be valid if posted to the address of such Noteholder appearing in the Register at the time of publication of such notice by pre-paid, first class mail (or any other manner approved by the Trustee which may be by electronic transmission) and (for so long as the Notes are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so require) shall be sent to the Company Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin or such other process as Euronext Dublin may require. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders (a) in the case of inland mail three days after the date of dispatch thereof, (b) in the case of overseas mail, seven days after the dispatch thereof or, (c) in the case of electronic transmission, on the date of dispatch.
Notices will be valid and will be deemed to have been given, for so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin, when such notice is filed in the Company Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin or such other process as Euronext Dublin may require.
The Trustee may notify holders by such other method if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market practice then prevailing and to the rules of the stock exchange on which the Notes are then listed and provided that notice of such other method is given to the Noteholders in such manner as the Trustee shall require.
Notwithstanding the above, so long as any Notes are represented by a Global Certificate and such Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for communication by it to entitled account holders in substitution for delivery thereof as required by the Conditions of such Notes provided that such notice is also made to the Company Announcements Office of Euronext Dublin for so long as such Notes are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and the rules of Euronext Dublin so require. Such notice will be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the date of delivery of the relevant notice to the relevant clearing system.
17. Additional Issuances

(a) The Issuer may from time to time, subject to the approval of the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution and the prior written approval of the Retention Holder and the Collateral Manager and, in respect of additional issuances of Class A Notes during the Non-Call Period only, the approval of the Class A Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution, create and issue further Notes (other than Class Z Notes) having the same terms and conditions as existing Classes of Notes (subject as provided below) and which shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Outstanding Notes of such Class (unless otherwise provided), and will use the proceeds of sale thereof to purchase additional Collateral Obligations and, if applicable, enter into additional Hedge Transactions in connection with the Issuer’s issuance of, and making payments on, the Notes and ownership of and disposition of the Collateral Obligations, provided that the following conditions are met:
(i) such additional issuances in relation to the applicable Class of Notes may not exceed 100 per cent. in the aggregate of the original aggregate principal amount as at the Issue Date of such Class of Notes;
(ii) such additional Notes must be issued for a cash sale price and the net proceeds invested in Collateral Obligations or, pending such investment, during the Initial Investment Period deposited in the Unused Proceeds Account or, thereafter, deposited in the Principal Account and, in each case, invested in Eligible Investments;
(iii) such additional Notes must be of each Class of Notes (other than Class Z Notes) and issued in a proportionate amount among the Classes (for such purpose, excluding the Class Z Notes) so that the relative proportions of aggregate principal amount of the Classes of Notes (for such purpose, excluding the Class Z Notes) existing immediately prior to such additional issuance remain unchanged immediately following such additional issuance (save with respect to Subordinated Notes as described in paragraph (b) below);
(iv) the terms (other than the date of issuance, the issue price and the date from which interest will accrue) of such Notes must be identical to the terms of the previously issued Notes of the applicable Class of Notes;
(v) the Issuer must notify the Rating Agencies then rating any Notes of such additional issuance and obtain Rating Agency Confirmation from each Rating Agency in respect of such additional issuance;
(vi) the Coverage Tests will be maintained or improved after giving effect to such additional issuance of Notes compared to what they were immediately prior to such additional issuance of Notes;
(vii) the holders of the relevant Class of Notes in respect of which further Notes are issued shall have been notified in writing by the Issuer (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) no later than 30 days prior to such issuance and shall have been afforded the opportunity to purchase additional Notes of the relevant Class in an amount not to exceed the percentage of the relevant Class of Notes each holder held immediately prior to the issuance (the “Anti-Dilution Percentage”) of such additional Notes and on the same terms offered to investors generally;
(viii) (so long as the existing Notes of the Class of Notes to be issued are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin) the additional Notes of such Class to be issued are in accordance with the requirements of Euronext Dublin and are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (for so long as the rules of Euronext Dublin so requires);
(ix) such additional issuances are in accordance with all applicable laws including, without limitation, the securities and banking laws and regulations of Ireland and do not adversely affect the Irish tax position of the Issuer;
(x) the Issuer and the Trustee will have received advice of tax counsel of nationally recognised standing in the United States experienced in such matters to the effect that any additional Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, and Class D Notes will be treated, and any additional Class E Notes should be treated, as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes, provided, however, that the
advice of tax counsel described in this clause (x) will not be required with respect to any additional Notes that bear a different securities identifier from the Notes of the same Class that are Outstanding at the time of the additional issuance; and
(xi) any issuance of additional Notes would not result in non-compliance by the Retention Holder with the EU Retention Requirements or any U.S. Retention Regulations (to the extent applicable), in each case as determined by the Retention Holder.
Any additional Notes that are not fungible with an existing Class of Notes for U.S. federal tax purposes will be issued with a separate securities identifier.
(b) The Issuer may, at any time, issue and sell additional Subordinated Notes (without issuing Notes of any other Class) having the same terms and conditions as existing Subordinated Notes (subject as provided below) subject to the approval of the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution and the prior written approval of the Retention Holder and the Collateral Manager, and which shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Outstanding Subordinated Notes, provided that:
(i) the subordination terms of such Subordinated Notes are identical to the terms of the previously issued Subordinated Notes;
(ii) the terms (other than the date of issuance, the issue price and the date from which interest will accrue) of such Subordinated Notes must be identical to the terms of the previously issued Subordinated Notes;
(iii) such additional Subordinated Notes are issued for a cash sales price, with the net proceeds to be deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account to be applied for the purposes of a Permitted Use;
(iv) the Issuer must notify the Trustee and the Rating Agencies then rating any Notes of such additional issuance;
(v) the holders of the Subordinated Notes shall have been notified (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) in writing no later than 30 days prior to such issuance and shall have been afforded the opportunity to purchase additional Subordinated Notes in an amount not to exceed the Anti-Dilution Percentage of such additional Subordinated Notes and on the same terms offered to investors generally;
(vi) such additional issuance is in accordance with all applicable laws including, without limitation, the securities and banking laws and regulations of Ireland and do not adversely affect the Irish tax position of the Issuer;
(vii) (so long as the existing Subordinated Notes are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin) the additional Subordinated Notes to be issued are in accordance with the requirements of Euronext Dublin and are listed on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin (for so long as the rules of Euronext Dublin so requires); and
(viii) any issuance of additional Subordinated Notes would not result in non-compliance by the Retention Holder with the EU Retention Requirements or any U.S. Retention Regulations (to the extent applicable), in each case as determined by the Retention Holder.
(c) Upon the Collateral Manager having received legal advice from reputable legal counsel to the effect that the U.S. Retention Regulations have become applicable to the transaction described herein, the Issuer shall, at the direction of the Collateral Manager, issue and sell such additional Notes of one or more Classes as may be required to ensure compliance with such rules, in each case having the same terms and conditions as existing Classes of Notes and which shall be consolidated and form a single series with the Outstanding Notes of each such Class. The proceeds of any such issuance hereunder shall be deposited in the Principal Account and shall constitute Principal Proceeds.
References in these Conditions to the “Notes” include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 17 (Additional Issuances) and forming a single series with
the Notes of any Class. Any further notes forming a single series with Notes constituted by the Trust Deed or any deed supplemental to it shall be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed.
(d) Notwithstanding anything in the Trust Deed to the contrary, additional or replacement notes that are Refinancing Obligations issued in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vii) (Optional Redemption effected in whole or in part through Refinancing) will not constitute additional notes for the purposes of, or subject to the conditions set forth in, Condition 17 (Additional Issuances).
18. Third Party Rights
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or Condition of the Notes under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.
19. Governing Law
(a) Governing Law
The Trust Deed and each Class of Notes and any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim of whatever nature (whether contractual or non-contractual) arising out of or in any way relating to the Trust Deed or any Class of Notes are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Irish law.
(b) Jurisdiction
The courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes (whether contractual or non-contractual) which may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer has in the Trust Deed irrevocably submitted to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in any such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is made for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and the Trustee and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).
(c) Agent for Service of Process
The Issuer appoints TMF Global Services (UK) Limited (having an office, at the date hereof, at 8th Floor, 20 Farringdon Street, London, EC4A 4AB, England) as its agent in England to receive service of process in any Proceedings in England based on any of the Notes. If for any reason the Issuer does not have such agent in England, it will promptly appoint a substitute process agent and notify the Trustee and the Noteholders of such appointment. Nothing herein shall affect the right to service of process in any other manner permitted by law.
USE OF PROCEEDS
The estimated net proceeds of the issue of the Notes after payment of fees and expenses payable on or about the Issue Date (including, without duplication, amounts deposited into the Expense Reserve Account) are expected to be approximately €297,300,000. Such proceeds will be used by the Issuer for the repayment of any amounts borrowed by the Issuer (together with any interest thereon) and all other amounts due in order to finance the acquisition of warehoused Collateral Obligations purchased by the Issuer prior to the Issue Date and to fund the First Period Reserve Account on the Issue Date. The remaining proceeds shall be deposited into the Unused Proceeds Account.
FORM OF THE NOTES
The following description of the form of the Notes consists of a summary of certain provisions of the Global Certificates which does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of such document.

References below to Notes and to the Global Certificates and the Definitive Certificates representing such Notes are to each respective Class of Notes, except as otherwise indicated.
Initial Issue of Notes
The Regulation S Notes of each Class (other than, in certain circumstances, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes, as described below) will be represented on issue by a Regulation S Global Certificate deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Certificate may be held at any time only through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. See “Book Entry Clearance Procedures”. Beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Certificate may not be held by a U.S. Person or U.S. Resident at any time. By acquisition of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate, the purchaser thereof will be deemed to represent, among other things, that it is not a U.S. Person, and that, if in the future it determines to transfer such beneficial interest, it will transfer such interest only to a person (a) whom the seller reasonably believes to be a non-U.S. Person in an “offshore transaction”, in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, or (b) to be a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate (or, in the case of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes and if applicable, a Rule 144A Definitive Certificate). See “Transfer Restrictions”.
The Rule 144A Notes of each Class (other than, in certain circumstances, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes, as described below) will be represented on issue by a Rule 144A Global Certificate deposited with, and registered in the name of, a nominee of a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate may only be held at any time through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg. See “Book Entry Clearance Procedures”. By acquisition of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate, the purchaser thereof will be deemed to represent, amongst other things, that it is a QIB/QP and that, if in the future it determines to transfer such beneficial interest, it will transfer such interest in accordance with the procedures and restrictions contained in the Trust Deed. See “Transfer Restrictions”.
Beneficial interests in Global Certificates will be subject to certain restrictions on transfer set forth therein and in the Trust Deed and as set forth in Rule 144A and Regulation S, and the Notes will bear the applicable legends regarding the restrictions set forth under “Transfer Restrictions”. In the case of each Class of Notes, a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate in denominations greater than or equal to the minimum denominations applicable to interests in such Rule 144A Global Certificate only upon receipt by the Transfer Agent of a written certification (in the form provided in the Trust Deed) to the effect that the transferor reasonably believes that the transferee is a QIB/QP and that such transaction is in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Beneficial interests in the Rule 144A Global Certificates may be transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate only upon receipt by the Transfer Agent of a written certification (in the form provided in the Trust Deed) from the transferor to the effect that the transfer is being made in an offshore transaction to a non-U.S. Person and in accordance with Regulation S.
Any beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in such Regulation S Global Certificate and become an interest in the Rule 144A Global Certificate, and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate for as long as it remains such an interest. Any beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate and become an interest in the Regulation S Global Certificate and, accordingly, will thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to beneficial interests in a Regulation S Global Certificate for so long as it remains
such an interest. No service charge will be made for any registration of transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Transfer Agent may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any tax or other governmental charge payable in connection therewith.
Except in the limited circumstances described below, owners of beneficial interests in Global Certificates will not be entitled to receive physical delivery of certificated Notes.
Except as otherwise permitted in writing by the Issuer with respect to the Notes acquired on the Issue Date, each initial purchaser and each transferee of a Class E Note, a Class F Note, a Class Z Note or a Subordinated Note in the form of a Rule 144A Global Certificate or a Regulation S Global Certificate will be deemed to represent (among other things) that it is not and is not acting on behalf of (and for so long as it holds such Note or interest therein will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of) a Benefit Plan Investor or a Controlling Person. However, if such investor or transferee is a Controlling Person, a Benefit Plan Investor or acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor, it may acquire such Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note in the form of a Definitive Certificate (or, on the Issue Date only, in the form of a Global Certificate) provided it: (1) obtains the written consent of the Issuer; and (2) provides an ERISA Certificate to the Issuer (substantially in the form of Annex C (Form of ERISA Certificate) hereto) as to (i) whether or not, for so long as it holds such Notes or interests therein, it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor and (ii) whether or not, for so long as it holds such Notes or interests therein, it is, a Controlling Person.
Further, a purchaser or transferee of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note and each initial purchaser of a Class Z Note in the form of a Definitive Certificate will be required to represent that (a) if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor, its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and (b) if it is a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, (x) it is not, and for so long as it holds such Note or interest therein will not be, subject to Similar Law and (y) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law, and such purchaser or transferee will agree to certain transfer restrictions regarding its interest in such Notes.
Any Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note in the form of a Definitive Certificate shall be registered in the name of the holder thereof.
Each purchaser and transferee understands and agrees that no transfer of an interest in Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes will be permitted or recognised if it would cause the 25 per cent. Limitation to be exceeded with respect to the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes (determined separately by Class).
The Notes are not issuable in bearer form. Exchange for Definitive Certificates Exchange
Each Global Certificate will be exchangeable, free of charge to the holder, on or after its Definitive Exchange
Date (as defined below), in whole but not in part, for Definitive Certificates if a Global Certificate is held (directly or indirectly) on behalf of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or an alternative clearing system and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announces its intention to permanently cease business or does in fact do so.
In addition, interests in Global Certificates representing Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes may be exchangeable for interests in a Definitive Certificate representing the Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note if a transferee is acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or is a Controlling Person provided: (i) such transferee has obtained the written consent of the Issuer in respect of such transfer; and (ii) the transferee has provided the Issuer with a certification substantially in the form of Annex C (Form of ERISA Certificate).
Interests in Global Certificates representing Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes may be exchangeable for interests in Definitive Certificates representing Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Conditions as amended above.
The Registrar will not register the transfer of, or exchange of interests in, a Global Certificate for Definitive Certificates during the period from (but excluding) the Record Date to (and including) the date for any payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes.
If only one of the Global Certificates (the “Exchanged Global Certificate”) becomes exchangeable for Definitive Certificates in accordance with the above paragraphs, transfers of Notes may not take place between, on the one hand, persons holding Definitive Certificates issued in exchange for beneficial interests in the Exchanged Global Certificate and, on the other hand, persons wishing to purchase beneficial interests in the other Global Certificate.
“Definitive Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 30 days after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city in which the specified office of the Registrar and the Transfer Agent is located.
Delivery

In the event a Global Certificate is to be exchanged, the relevant Global Certificate shall be exchanged in full for Definitive Certificates and the Issuer will, at the cost of the Issuer (but against such indemnity as the Registrar or any Transfer Agent may require in respect of any tax or other duty of whatever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such exchange), cause sufficient Definitive Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and dispatch to the relevant Noteholders. A person having an interest in a Global Certificate must provide the Registrar with (a) a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the Registrar may require to complete, execute and deliver such Definitive Certificates and (b) in the case of the Rule 144A Global Certificate only, a fully completed, signed certification substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time of such exchange or, in the case of simultaneous sale pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification that the transfer is being made in compliance with the provisions of Rule 144A. Definitive Certificates issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in the Rule 144A Global Certificate shall bear the legends applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A, as set out under “Transfer Restrictions”.
Legends

The holder of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note may transfer the Note represented thereby in whole or in part in the applicable Minimum Denomination by surrendering such Note(s) at the specified office of the Registrar or the Transfer Agent, together with the completed form of transfer and, to the extent applicable, written consent of the Issuer and a duly completed ERISA Certificate substantially in the form of Annex C (Form of ERISA Certificate). Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note bearing the legend referred to under “Transfer Restrictions” below, or upon specific request for removal of the legend on a Definitive Certificate in registered definitive form, as applicable, the Issuer will deliver only Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes that bear such legend, or will refuse to remove such legend, as the case may be, unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such satisfactory evidence, which may include an opinion of counsel, as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that neither the legend nor the restrictions on transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act and the Investment Company Act.
Exchange of Definitive Certificates for Global Certificates

Regulation S

If a holder of Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes represented by a Definitive Certificate wishes at any time to (a) exchange such Definitive Certificate for; or (b) transfer its interest in such Notes to a person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of, in each case a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate, such holder may effect such exchange or transfer only upon receipt by the Registrar of: (i) notification from the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the Regulation S Global Certificate that the appropriate credit entry has been made in the accounts of the relevant
participants of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (but in no case for less than the minimum authorised denomination applicable to such Notes); and (ii) a certificate in the form of part 7 (Form of Definitive Certificate to Regulation S Global Certificate Transfer Certificate of Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes) of schedule 4 (Transfer, Exchange and Registration Documentation) of the Trust Deed or in such other form as the Registrar, relying upon the advice of counsel, may deem substantially similar in legal effect (in each case, copies of which are provided to the Trustee as applicable) given by the holder of the beneficial interests in such Notes.
Each person who becomes an owner of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate will be deemed to have represented and agreed to the representations set forth in this Offering Circular relating to such Notes under the heading “Transfer Restrictions”.
Rule 144A

If a holder of Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes represented by a Definitive Certificate wishes at any time to (a) exchange such Definitive Certificate for; or (b) transfer its interest in such Notes to a person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of, in each case a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate, such holder may effect such exchange or transfer only upon receipt by the Registrar of:
(i) notification from the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the Rule 144A Global Certificate that the appropriate credit entry has been made in the accounts of the relevant participants of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (but in no case for less than the minimum authorised denomination applicable to such Notes); and (ii) a certificate in the form of part 6 (Form of Definitive Certificate to Rule 144A Global Certificate Transfer Certificate of Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes) of schedule 4 (Transfer, Exchange and Registration Documentation) of the Trust Deed or in such other form as the Registrar, relying upon the advice of counsel, may deem substantially similar in legal effect (in each case, copies of which are provided to the Trustee as applicable) given by the holder of the beneficial interests in such Notes.
Each person who becomes an owner of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate will be deemed to have represented and agreed to the representations set forth in this Offering Circular relating to such Notes under the heading “Transfer Restrictions”.
BOOK ENTRY CLEARANCE PROCEDURES
The information set out below has been obtained from the Clearing Systems insofar as it relates to the rules and procedures governing the operations of the Clearing Systems. The Issuer confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the Clearing Systems, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. In particular, such information is subject to any change in or interpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the “Clearing Systems”) currently in effect and investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems are therefore advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger or any Agent party to the Agency Agreement (or any Affiliate of any of the above, or any person by whom any of the above is controlled for the purposes of the Securities Act), will have any responsibility for the performance by the Clearing Systems or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations or for the sufficiency for any purpose of the arrangements described below.
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg
Custodial and depositary links have been established between Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to facilitate the initial issue of the Notes and cross-market transfers of the Notes associated with secondary market trading (see “Settlement and Transfer of Notes” below).
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and settlement of securities transactions through electronic book entry transfer between their respective accountholders. Indirect access to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions which clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg provide various services including safekeeping, administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two systems across which their respective customers may settle trades with each other. Their customers are worldwide financial institutions including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. Investors may hold their interests in such Global Certificates directly through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg if they are accountholders (“Direct Participants”) or indirectly (“Indirect Participants” and together with Direct Participants, “Participants”) through organisations which are accountholders therein.
Book Entry Ownership

Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg

Each Regulation S Global Certificate and each Rule 144A Global Certificate will have an ISIN and a Common Code and will be registered in the name of, a nominee of a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.
Relationship of Participants with Clearing Systems

Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Certificate must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for his share of each payment made by the Issuer to the holder of such Global Certificate and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Certificate, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be). The Issuer expects that, upon receipt of any payment in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate, the common depositary by whom such Note is held, or nominee in whose name it is registered, will immediately credit the relevant Participants’ or accountholders’ accounts in the relevant Clearing System with payments in amounts proportionate to their respective beneficial interests in the principal amount of the relevant Global Certificate as shown on the records of the relevant Clearing System or its nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by Direct Participants in
any Clearing System to owners of beneficial interests in any Global Certificate held through such Direct Participants in any Clearing System will be governed by standing instructions and customary practices. Save as aforesaid, such persons shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are represented by such Global Certificate and the obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the registered holder, as the case may be, of such Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. None of the Issuer, the Trustee or any Agent will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of ownership interests in any Global Certificate or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests.
Settlement and Transfer of Notes

Subject to the rules and procedures of each applicable Clearing System, purchases of Notes held within a Clearing System must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will receive a credit for such Notes on the Clearing System’s records. The ownership interest of each actual purchaser of each such Note (the “Beneficial Owner”) will in turn be recorded on the Direct Participant and Indirect Participant’s records. Beneficial Owners will not receive written confirmation from any Clearing System of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct Participant or Indirect Participant through which such Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction. Transfers of ownership interests in Notes held within the Clearing System will be effected by entries made on the books of Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners. Beneficial Owners will not receive certificates representing their ownership interests in such Notes, unless and until interests in any Global Certificate held within a Clearing System are exchanged for Definitive Certificates.
No Clearing System has knowledge of the actual Beneficial Owners of the Notes held within such Clearing System and their records will reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to whose accounts such Notes are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners. The Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of their customers. Conveyance of notices and other communications by the Clearing Systems to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time.
Trading between Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg Participants

Secondary market sales of book entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to purchasers of book entry interests in the Notes held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be conducted in accordance with the normal rules and operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and will be settled using the procedures applicable to conventional eurobonds.
RULE 17G-5 COMPLIANCE
THE ISSUER, IN ORDER TO PERMIT THE RATING AGENCIES TO COMPLY WITH THEIR OBLIGATIONS UNDER RULE 17G-5 PROMULGATED UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT (“RULE 17G-5”), HAS AGREED TO POST (OR HAVE ITS AGENT POST) ON A PASSWORD-PROTECTED INTERNET WEBSITE (THE “RULE 17G-5 WEBSITE”), AT THE SAME TIME SUCH INFORMATION IS PROVIDED TO THE RATING AGENCIES, ALL INFORMATION (WHICH WILL NOT INCLUDE ANY REPORTS FROM THE ISSUER’S INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS) THAT THE ISSUER (OR OTHER PARTIES ON ITS BEHALF, INCLUDING THE COLLATERAL MANAGER) PROVIDES TO THE RATING AGENCIES FOR THE PURPOSES OF DETERMINING THE INITIAL CREDIT RATING OF THE RATED NOTES OR UNDERTAKING CREDIT RATING SURVEILLANCE OF THE RATED NOTES; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT, PRIOR TO THE OCCURRENCE OF AN EVENT OF DEFAULT, WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COLLATERAL MANAGER NO PARTY OTHER THAN THE ISSUER OR THE INFORMATION AGENT MAY PROVIDE INFORMATION TO THE RATING AGENCIES ON THE ISSUER’S BEHALF. ON THE ISSUE DATE, THE ISSUER WILL REQUEST THE INFORMATION AGENT, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE COLLATERAL MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT, TO ASSIST THE ISSUER IN COMPLYING WITH CERTAIN OF THE POSTING REQUIREMENTS UNDER RULE 17G-5 (IN SUCH CAPACITY, THE “INFORMATION AGENT”). ANY NOTICES OR REQUESTS TO, OR ANY OTHER WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS WITH OR WRITTEN INFORMATION PROVIDED TO, THE RATING AGENCIES, OR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS OR EMPLOYEES, PURSUANT TO, IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO THE TRUST DEED, THE COLLATERAL MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT, ANY TRANSACTION DOCUMENT RELATING THERETO, THE PORTFOLIO OR THE NOTES, WILL BE IN EACH CASE MADE AVAILABLE TO THE RATING AGENCIES AFTER A COPY HAS BEEN DELIVERED TO THE INFORMATION AGENT OR THE ISSUER FOR POSTING TO THE RULE 17G-5 WEBSITE.
RATINGS OF THE NOTES

General
It is a condition of the issue and sale of the Notes that the Notes (except for the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes) be issued with at least the following ratings: the Class A Notes: “AAA (sf)” from S&P and “Aaa(sf)” from Moody’s; the Class B-1 Notes: “AA (sf)” from S&P and “Aa2(sf)” from Moody’s; the Class B-2 Notes: “AA (sf)” from S&P and “Aa2(sf)” from Moody’s; the Class C Notes: “A (sf)” from S&P and “A2(sf)” from Moody’s; the Class D Notes: “BBB-(sf)” from S&P and “Baa3”(sf)” from Moody’s; the Class E Notes: “BB- (sf)” from S&P and “Ba3(sf)” from Moody’s; and the Class F Notes: “B- (sf)” from S&P and “B3(sf)” from Moody’s. The Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes being offered hereby will not be rated.
In respect of any Notes that are subject to a Refinancing in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vii)(A) (Refinancing in relation to a Redemption in Whole), the ratings assigned to the Notes will not necessarily continue to be assigned to the Refinancing Obligations issued pursuant thereto.
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the Notes and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any time by the applicable Rating Agency.
S&P is established in the EU and Moody’s is established in the UK. As at the date of this Offering Circular, each of the Rating Agencies is registered under the CRA Regulation and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation.
S&P Ratings
S&P will rate the Rated Notes in a manner similar to the manner in which it rates other structured issues. This requires an analysis of the following:
(a) the credit quality of the portfolio of Collateral Obligations securing the Notes;
(b) the cash flow used to pay liabilities and the priorities of these payments; and
(c) legal considerations.
Based on these analyses, S&P determines the necessary level of credit enhancement needed to achieve a desired rating. In this connection, the S&P CDO Monitor Test is applied prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period.
S&P’s analysis includes the application of its proprietary default expectation computer model (the “S&P CDO Monitor”), which is used to estimate the default rate S&P projects the Portfolio is likely to experience and which will be provided to the Collateral Manager on or before the Issue Date. The S&P CDO Monitor calculates the cumulative default rate of a pool of Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments consistent with a specified benchmark rating level based upon S&P’s proprietary corporate debt default studies. The S&P CDO Monitor takes into consideration the rating of each Obligor, the number of Obligors, the Obligor industry concentration and the remaining weighted average maturity of each of the Collateral Obligations included in the Portfolio. The risks posed by these variables are accounted for by effectively adjusting the necessary default level needed to achieve a desired rating. The higher the desired rating, the higher the level of defaults the Portfolio must withstand. For example, the higher the Obligor industry concentration or the longer the weighted average maturity, the higher the default level is assumed to be.
Credit enhancement to support a particular rating is then provided on the results of the S&P CDO Monitor, as well as other more qualitative considerations such as legal issues and management capabilities. Credit enhancement is typically provided by a combination of over collateralisation/subordination, cash collateral/reserve account, excess spread/interest and amortisation. A cash flow model (the “Transaction Specific Cash Flow Model”) is used to evaluate the portfolio and determine whether it can comfortably withstand the estimated level of default while fully repaying the class of debt under consideration.
There can be no assurance that actual losses on the Collateral Obligations will not exceed those assumed in the application of the S&P CDO Monitor or that recovery rates and the timing of recovery with respect thereto will not differ from those assumed in the Transaction Specific Cash Flow Model. None of S&P, the Issuer, the
Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder, the Collateral Administrator, the Trustee, the Arranger or the Initial Purchaser, makes any representation as to the expected rate of defaults on the Portfolio or as to the expected timing of any defaults that may occur.
S&P’s ratings of the Rated Notes will be established under various assumptions and scenario analyses. There can be no assurance that actual defaults on the Collateral Obligations will not exceed those assumed by S&P in its analysis, or that recovery rates with respect thereto (and, consequently, loss rates) will not differ from those assumed by S&P.
Moody’s Ratings
Moody’s Ratings address the expected loss posed to investors by the legal final maturity on the Maturity Date.
Moody’s analysis of the likelihood that each Collateral Obligation will default is based on historical default rates for similar debt obligations, the historical volatility of such default rates (which increases as securities with lower ratings are added to the portfolio) and an additional default assumption to account for future fluctuations in defaults. Moody’s then determines the level of credit protection necessary to achieve the expected loss associated with the rating of the Rated Notes, taking into account the expected volatility of the default rate of the portfolio based on the level of diversification by region, issuer and industry. There can be no assurance that the actual default rates on the Collateral Obligations held by the Issuer will not exceed the rates assumed by Moody’s in its analysis.
In addition to these quantitative tests, Moody’s ratings take into account qualitative features of a transaction, including the experience of the Collateral Manager, the legal structure and the risks associated with such structure and other factors that they deem relevant.
THE ISSUER

General
The Issuer is a special purpose vehicle established for the purpose of issuing asset backed securities and was incorporated as a designated activity company limited by shares in Ireland on 13 February 2019 under the Companies Act 2014 of Ireland (the “Companies Act”) under the name OZLME VII Designated Activity Company and with company registration number 643644. With effect from 4 March 2020, the Issuer is now known as Sculptor European CLO VII DAC. The registered office of the Issuer is 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland and its telephone number is +353 1614 6240.
The authorised share capital of the Issuer is €1,000 divided into 1,000 ordinary shares of €1.00 each (the “Shares”). The Issuer has issued one Share, which is fully paid up and held on trust by TMF Management (Ireland) Limited (as “Share Trustee”) under the terms of a declaration of trust dated on 19 June 2019, whereby the Share Trustee holds the Shares on trust for charitable purposes. The Share Trustee will have no beneficial interest in and will derive no benefit (other than its fees for acting as Share Trustee) from its holding of the shares of the Issuer. The Share Trustee will apply any income derived from the Issuer solely for the above purposes.
TMF Administration Services Limited (the “Corporate Services Provider”), an Irish company, acts as the corporate administrator for the Issuer. The office of the Corporate Services Provider serves as the general business office of the Issuer. Through the office and pursuant to the terms of the corporate services agreement entered into on 9 October 2019 between the Issuer and the Corporate Services Provider (the “Corporate Services Agreement”), the Corporate Services Provider performs various management functions on behalf of the Issuer, including the provision of certain clerical, reporting, accounting, administrative and other services until termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. In consideration of the foregoing, the Corporate Services Provider receives various fees and other charges payable by the Issuer at rates agreed upon from time to time plus expenses. The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement provide that either party may terminate the Corporate Services Agreement upon the occurrence of certain stated events, including any breach by the other party of its obligations under the Corporate Services Agreement which is either incapable of remedy or which is not cured within 30 days from the date on which it was notified of such breach. In addition, either party may terminate the Corporate Services Agreement at any time by giving at least 2 months’ written notice to the other party.
The Corporate Services Provider’s principal office is 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland.
Business
The principal objects of the Issuer are set forth in Paragraph 3 of its constitution and include, inter alia, the power to issue securities and to raise or borrow money, to grant security over its assets for such purposes, to lend with or without security and to enter into derivative transactions. Cash flow derived from the Collateral securing the Notes will be the Issuer’s only source of funds to fund payments in respect of such Notes.
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to the restrictions set out in the Conditions and in the Trust Deed. In particular, the Issuer has undertaken not to carry out any business other than the issue of the Notes and acquiring, holding and disposing of the Portfolio in accordance with the Conditions and the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, entering into the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Retention Undertaking Letter, the Warehouse Termination Agreement, any Collateral Acquisition Agreements, the Subscription Agreement and any other Transaction Documents and exercising the rights and performing the obligations under each such agreement and all other transactions incidental thereto. The Issuer will not have any substantial liabilities other than in connection with the Notes and any secured obligations. The Issuer will not have any subsidiaries and, save in respect of the fees and expenses generated in connection with the issue of the Notes (referred to below), any related profits and the proceeds of any deposits and investments made from such fees or from amounts representing the proceeds of the Issuer’s issued share capital, the Issuer will not accumulate any surpluses.
The Issuer has, and will have, no material assets other than the Portfolio held from time to time, the Balances standing to the credit of the Accounts and the benefit of the Agency Agreement, the Collateral Management and
Administration Agreement, the Collateral Acquisition Agreements and any other Transaction Documents entered into by or on behalf of the Issuer from time to time, such fees (as agreed) payable to it in connection with the issue of the Notes, the sum of €1,000 representing the proceeds of its issued and paid-up share capital any Issuer Profit Amounts and the remainder of the amounts standing to the credit of the Issuer Profit Account. The only assets of the Issuer available to meet claims of the holders of the Notes and the other Secured Parties are the assets comprised in the Collateral.
The Notes are obligations of the Issuer alone and are not the obligation of, or guaranteed in any way by the Directors, the Corporate Services Provider, the Trustee, the Custodian, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator, any Hedge Counterparty or any Obligor under any part of the Portfolio.
Directors and Company Secretary
The Issuer’s constitutional documents provide that the board of Directors of the Issuer will consist of at least two Directors.
The Directors of the Issuer as at the date of this Offering Circular are Maria Dawson and Stephen Healy. The business address of the Directors is 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland.
The Company Secretary is TMF Administration Services Limited.
Business Activity
Prior to the Issue Date, the Issuer entered into a deed poll issuing profit participating notes and certain other documents in connection with the Warehouse Arrangements to enable the Issuer to acquire Collateral identified by the Collateral Manager before the Issue Date using funds drawn under such warehouse facility deed. Amounts owing under the profit participating notes will be fully repaid using the proceeds from the issuance of the Notes.
The Issuer has not previously carried on any business or activities other than those incidental to its incorporation, the authorisation and entry into of the Warehouse Arrangements, the acquisition of the Portfolio, the authorisation and issue of the Notes and activities incidental to the exercise of its rights and compliance with its obligations under the Collateral Acquisition Agreements, the Notes, the Subscription Agreement, the Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Warehouse Termination Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, any other Transaction Document and the other documents and agreements entered into in connection with the issue of the Notes and the purchase of the Portfolio.
Subsidiaries
The Issuer has no subsidiaries.
Financial Statements
Since its date of incorporation, save as disclosed herein, the Issuer has not commenced operations and no financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared as at the date of this Offering Circular. The Issuer intends to publish its first financial statements in respect of the period ending on 31 December 2019. The Issuer will not prepare interim financial statements. The financial year of the Issuer ends on 31 December in each year.
The Issuer’s profit and loss account and balance sheet can be obtained free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer. The Issuer must hold its first annual general meeting within 18 months of the date of its incorporation (and no more than 9 months after the financial year end) and thereafter the gap between its annual general meetings must not exceed 15 months. One annual general meeting must be held in each calendar year.
Save as disclosed herein, there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since the date of its incorporation. Save for in connection with the Warehouse Arrangements or any costs associated with its day-to-day operations, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities.
The auditors of the Issuer are Ernst & Young Accountants LLP, Ireland.
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL MANAGER
The information appearing in this section has been prepared by the Collateral Manager and has not been independently verified by the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser or any other party. None of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger or any other party other than the Collateral Manager assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information.

The Issuer confirms that the information in this section has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

The delivery of this Offering Circular shall not create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Collateral Manager or of its Affiliates since the date of this Offering Circular, or that the information contained or referred to herein is correct as of any time subsequent to the date of this Offering Circular.

General
Certain investment management and administrative functions with respect to the Collateral will be performed by Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited as the Collateral Manager pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement to be entered into on or prior to the Issue Date between the Issuer and the Collateral Manager. The Collateral Manager was incorporated in England and Wales on 2 February 2015 and its registered address is 40 Argyll Street, London W1F 7EB, United Kingdom. The Collateral Manager and its affiliates presently serve as collateral manager for a number of other entities similar to the Issuer that have collateralised loan obligation transactions. Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority among other things to manage investments for non-private customers. The Collateral Manager is also registered with the SEC as a relying adviser pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act under the Form ADV of Sculptor Capital LP.
The Collateral Manager is an affiliate of Sculptor Capital Management Inc. (NYSE: SCU, together with its affiliates, “Sculptor Capital”). Sculptor Capital is a publicly traded company and accordingly makes its SEC filings available to the public through EDGAR, available at www.sec.gov. Founded in 1994, Sculptor Capital is one of the largest institutional alternative asset managers in the world, with approximately $36.4 billion in assets under management as of December 1, 2020. Sculptor Capital has built an experienced global investment team. As of December 1, 2020, Sculptor Capital had approximately 353 full-time employees worldwide, including approximately 107 investment professionals and 22 Executive Managing Directors, working from Sculptor Capital’s headquarters in New York City and offices in London and Hong Kong.
The Collateral Manager and its affiliates manage and expect in the future to manage, separately managed accounts and proprietary investments in addition to conducting activities in relation to the Issuer. In addition, certain affiliates of the Collateral Manager have invested, and may in the future invest, in other investment vehicles and/or entities organized to issue collateralised loan obligations, collateralised debt obligations or similar interests. The Collateral Manager and any of its affiliates may serve as a general partner, a managing member and/or investment manager of present and future investment vehicles or entities organized to issue collateralised debt obligations, some of which have or may have investment objectives overlapping in certain respects with the Issuer. See “Risk Factors—Conflicts of Interest—Certain Conflicts of Interest Involving or Relating to the Collateral Manager and its Affiliates”.
Initial Portfolio
The Collateral Obligations expected to be held on the Issue Date will be selected by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the Collateral Manager’s procedures for selecting investments of a type similar to the Collateral Obligations. The Collateral Manager has undertaken its own investigation in selecting the initial Collateral Obligations and has reviewed such information as it deemed appropriate and proper in its reasonable professional judgment and has determined that each of the Collateral Obligations expected to be held on the Issue Date is an eligible Collateral Obligation.
Key Personnel
The names and current titles of certain senior executives and key investment personnel of Sculptor Capital are listed below. There can be no assurance that such Persons will remain in such positions with Sculptor Capital or, even if they do so, will be involved in the management of the Issuer, the Collateral Obligations or in carrying out any of the other obligations of the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement during the term thereof.
Robert Shafir
Executive Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
Robert Shafir is the Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) of Sculptor Capital. Mr. Shafir is also an Executive Managing Director and a member of the Board of Directors of Sculptor Capital.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in 2018, Mr. Shafir served in various capacities at Credit Suisse Group AG from 2007 to 2016. Most recently, Mr. Shafir served as Chairman and CEO of Credit Suisse Americas and Co-Head of Private Banking & Wealth Management, which included oversight of Asset Management. He was a member of the Executive Board of Credit Suisse Group and Credit Suisse.
Prior to joining Credit Suisse in August 2007, Mr. Shafir worked at Lehman Brothers Inc. for 17 years, last serving as Head of Global Equities, as well as a member of their Executive Board. He also held other senior roles, including Head of European Equities and Global Head of Equities Trading, and played a key role in building Lehman’s equities business into a global, institutionally-focused franchise. Prior to that, he worked at Morgan Stanley in the preferred stock business within the fixed income division.
Mr. Shafir holds both a B.A. in Economics from Lafayette College and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. He is a member of the Board of the Greater New York Chapter of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation.
On June 10, 2020, Sculptor Capital announced that James Levine will succeed Robert Shafir as CEO of Sculptor Capital, effective April 1, 2021.
James Levin
Executive Managing Director and Chief Investment Officer
James Levin is Chief Investment Officer for Sculptor Capital and is a member of Sculptor Capital Management’s Partner Management Committee. Mr. Levin is also an Executive Managing Director and a member of the Portfolio Committee.
In his role as Chief Investment Officer, Mr. Levin oversees Sculptor Capital ’s investment portfolios including capital allocation across investment strategies and geographies. During his tenure, Mr. Levin has been instrumental in building Sculptor Capital ’s global credit platform, which now spans multiple products and geographies including an Opportunistic Credit and an Institutional Credit Strategies platform. Today, Mr. Levin continues to oversee both the Opportunistic Credit and Institutional Credit Strategies platforms.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in 2006, Mr. Levin was an Associate at Dune Capital Management LP. Prior to that, Mr. Levin was an analyst in the Distressed and Special Situations Group at Sagamore Hill Capital Management, L.P.
Mr. Levin holds a B.A. in Computer Science from Harvard University. He serves on the Leadership Council of the East Harlem Tutorial Program.
Thomas Sipp
Executive Managing Director and Chief Financial Officer
Thomas Sipp is the Chief Financial Officer of Sculptor Capital and an Executive Managing Director. In his role, Mr. Sipp oversees all aspects of Accounting, Tax, Treasury, Financial Operations, Internal Audit and Shareholder Services at Sculptor Capital.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in 2018, Mr. Sipp was a Managing Partner at Magis Partners. During the prior eight years, Mr. Sipp held several senior executive positions at Credit Suisse, including Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer for Credit Suisse’s Asset Management division and Global Chief Operating Officer for Credit Suisse’s Wealth & Asset Management division.
Prior to joining Credit Suisse, Mr. Sipp served as the COO for the Institutional Investment Division of Fidelity Investments. He also spent eight years with Gartmore Global Investments, serving as the Chief Financial Officer, Head of Product Development and COO for the Investment Division.
Mr. Sipp received a B.A. in Finance from Alfred University and an M.B.A from the University of Pittsburgh. He has earned the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and is on the Board of Fiduciary Exchange.
Brett Klein
Executive Managing Director and Global Head of Corporate Credit
Brett Klein is an Executive Managing Director and Global Head of Corporate Credit for Sculptor Capital. Mr. Klein is also a member of the Portfolio Committee. In this role, Mr. Klein manages the portfolios and global team of analysts within Institutional Credit Strategies, Sculptor Capital’s performing credit platform. Mr. Klein is also responsible for U.S. performing and distressed corporate credit investments within Sculptor Capital’s Opportunistic Credit platform.
Mr. Klein joined Sculptor Capital in 2002 as an Analyst on the Credit team. Throughout his tenure, Mr. Klein helped build Sculptor Capital’s global corporate credit business, refining the team’s research and investment selection processes, as well as diversifying the universe of Sculptor Capital’s credit investment disciplines.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in 2002, Mr. Klein was an Associate in the Investment Banking Division at Morgan Stanley, where he worked as a member of the Mergers & Acquisitions group specializing in Media and Telecommunications.
Mr. Klein holds a B.S. in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
David Levine
Executive Managing Director and Chief Legal Officer
David Levine is Chief Legal Officer of Sculptor Capital. Mr. Levine is also an Executive Managing Director and a member of Sculptor Capital’s Partner Management Committee. In this role, Mr. Levine oversees Sculptor Capital’s legal team and the management of its legal affairs.
Mr. Levine has over 20 years of experience practicing securities law. Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in January 2017, Mr. Levine spent 15 years at Deutsche Bank AG, where he served as Global Head of Litigation and Regulatory Enforcement. From 1993 through 2001, Mr. Levine worked at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in both New York and in the Washington headquarters. During this time he served in a variety of roles including as the agency’s Chief of Staff, as well as Senior Adviser to the Director of Enforcement.
Mr. Levine holds a B.S. from SUNY Albany, and a J.D. Degree from Hofstra University School of Law where he was valedictorian and an editor of the law review.
Wayne Cohen
Executive Managing Director, President and Chief Operating Officer
Wayne Cohen is President and Chief Operating Officer for Sculptor Capital. He is also an Executive Managing Director and a member of Sculptor Capital’s Partner Management Committee. In this role, Mr. Cohen has a broad scope of responsibilities managing day-to-day operations of Sculptor Capital, including overseeing non-investment functions and leading strategic initiatives.
Mr. Cohen joined Sculptor Capital in 2005 working as an Attorney and General Counsel. Prior to joining Sculptor Capital, he was an Attorney at Schulte Roth & Zabel LLP.
Mr. Cohen holds a B.A. in International Relations from Tulane University and a J.D. from New York University School of Law.
Peter Polanskyj
Managing Director and Head of U.S. CLOs
Peter Polanskyj is a Managing Director and Head of U.S. CLOs for Sculptor Capital. In this role, Mr. Polanskyj oversees the creation, securitization and portfolio management for CLOs managed by Sculptor Capital as part of the Institutional Credit Strategies platform. He is also responsible for Sculptor Capital’s investments in CLOs and other corporate-backed structured products.
Ghassan Ayoub
Executive Managing Director and Global Head of Convertible and Derivative Arbitrage
Ghassan Ayoub is an Executive Managing Director and Global Head of Convertible and Derivative Arbitrage at Sculptor Capital. Mr. Ayoub is also a member of the Portfolio Committee.
Since joining Sculptor Capital in 2001, Mr. Ayoub has spent time in both the London and Hong Kong offices. After three years in London, he relocated to Hong Kong, where he spent 10 years building Sculptor Capital’s Asian convertible bond business. He also facilitated the business’s diversification into other volatility strategies. Mr. Ayoub relocated to the London office, where he now oversees Sculptor Capital’s global Convertible and Derivative Arbitrage strategy.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital, Mr. Ayoub was a Vice President in the Asian and Japanese Convertible Bond Trading Department at Morgan Stanley Dean Witter. Mr Ayoub began his career in the Investment Banking division of Morgan Stanley.
Mr. Ayoub holds a B.S. in Economics from the London School of Economics and a Master of Philosophy in Economics from Oxford University.
Dylan Szymanski
Managing Director and Head of Europe and Asia Corporate Credit for Sculptor Capital
Dylan Szymanski is a Managing Director and Head of Europe and Asia Corporate Credit for Sculptor Capital. In this role Mr. Szymanski is responsible for stressed and distressed credit investments across Europe and Asia for Sculptor Capital’s Opportunistic Credit strategy.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in 2013, Mr. Szymanski was a Director on the European Investments team at Mount Kellett Capital Management. Previously, he held various positions at Lehman Brothers.
Mr. Szymanski holds a Bachelor of Science in Philosophy and Economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science.
Adeel Shafiqullah
Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager, Institutional Credit Strategies– Europe
Adeel Shafiqullah is a Managing Director and Senior Portfolio Manager of Institutional Credit Strategies, Europe for Sculptor Capital. As Senior Portfolio Manager, Mr. Shafiqullah oversees Sculptor Capital’s European performing credit investments, with a focus on leveraged loans and high yield bonds.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in 2015, Mr. Shafiqullah spent 13 years at Pinebridge Investments, most recently as Managing Director and Head of European Leveraged Finance. In this role, his primary responsibilities included managing Sculptor Capital’s European Leveraged Loan and High Yield portfolios.
Prior to that, he was an Investment Banking Analyst at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette/Credit Suisse First Boston, where he focused on mergers and acquisitions and leveraged finance transactions, and at Chanin Capital Partners, where he focused on financial restructurings and corporate reorganizations.
Mr. Shafiqullah holds a B.S. in Business Administration from the University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business.
Peter Polanskyj
Managing Director and Head of U.S. CLOs
Peter Polanskyj is a Managing Director and Head of U.S. CLOs for Sculptor Capital. In this role, Mr. Polanskyj oversees the creation, securitisation and portfolio management for Sculptor-managed CLOs as part of the Institutional Credit Strategies platform. He is also responsible for Sculptor Capital’s investments in CLOs and other corporate-backed structured products.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in 2008, Mr. Polanskyj held various positions at Morgan Stanley, where he initially focused on credit and structured credit and eventually led several strategy efforts including those focused on equity derivatives and capital structure arbitrage. Prior to that, he worked as an independent consultant focused on employee stock option valuation and as a Supervising Actuary for Reliance National Insurance Company.
Mr. Polanskyj holds a B.A. in Economics and Mathematics from Rutgers University, where he was named a Henry Rutgers scholar, and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. Mr. Polanskyj is an Associate of the Casualty Actuarial Society and a Member of the American Academy of Actuaries.
Francesco de Simone Rossi
Managing Director and Senior European Corporate Credit Trader
Francesco de Simone Rossi is a Managing Director and Senior European Corporate Credit Trader for Sculptor Capital. In this role, Mr. de Simone Rossi sources and trades both performing and distressed credit opportunities across loans, bonds and credit default swaps in corporate and structured credit in Europe.
Prior to joining Sculptor Capital in 2009, Mr. de Simone Rossi worked at Goldman, Sachs & Co. where he held several positions, most recently as a Trader in the European Special Situations Group. In this role, he focused on performing and distressed credit across the EMEA region.
Mr. de Simone Rossi holds a B.Sc. in Business Administration from the University of Bath, School of Management.
THE PORTFOLIO
The following description of the Portfolio consists of a summary of certain provisions of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement which does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of such agreement.

Introduction
Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager is required to act in specific circumstances in relation to the Portfolio on behalf of the Issuer and to carry out the duties and functions described below. In addition, the Collateral Administrator is required to perform certain calculations in relation to the Portfolio on behalf of the Issuer to the extent and in accordance with the information provided to it by the Collateral Manager.
Acquisition of Collateral Obligations
The Collateral Manager will determine and will use reasonable endeavours to cause to be acquired by the Issuer a portfolio of Secured Senior Obligations, Corporate Rescue Loans, Unsecured Senior Obligations, Second Lien Loans, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds during the Initial Investment Period, the Reinvestment Period and thereafter (including, but not limited to, Collateral Obligations purchased pursuant to the Warehouse Arrangements). The Issuer anticipates that, by the Issue Date, it, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, will have purchased or committed to purchase Collateral Obligations, the Aggregate Principal Balance of which is equal to at least €270,000,000 which is approximately 90.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount. The proceeds of issue of the Notes remaining after payment of: (a) the acquisition costs for the Collateral Obligations acquired by the Issuer on or prior to the Issue Date (including amounts due in order to finance the acquisition of warehoused Collateral Obligations); and (b) certain fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with the issue of the Notes and anticipated to be payable by the Issuer following completion of the issue of the Notes, will be deposited in the Expense Reserve Account, the First Period Reserve Account and the Unused Proceeds Account on the Issue Date. The Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer shall use commercially reasonable efforts to purchase Collateral Obligations with an Aggregate Principal Balance (together with Collateral Obligations previously acquired) equal to at least the Target Par Amount out of the Balance standing to the credit of the Unused Proceeds Account and Principal Account during the Initial Investment Period.
The Issuer does not expect and is not required to satisfy the Collateral Quality Tests, Portfolio Profile Tests or the Coverage Tests prior to the Effective Date. The Collateral Manager may declare that the Initial Investment Period has ended and the Effective Date has occurred prior to 30 June 2021, subject to the Effective Date Determination Requirements being satisfied.
Prior to the second Determination Date, the Balance standing to the credit of the Unused Proceeds Account, to the Principal Account or the Interest Account will be transferred, in each case, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer), provided that an amount not exceeding 1.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount may be transferred to the Interest Account in aggregate and without duplication, from the Unused Proceeds Account (pursuant to Condition 3(l)(iii)(4) (Unused Proceeds Account)) and/or the Principal Account (pursuant to Condition 3(l)(i)(5) (Principal Account)), provided further that as at such date after giving effect to such transfer to the Interest Account, the Collateral Principal Amount equals or exceeds the Reinvestment Target Par Balance (provided that, for such purposes the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation will be the lower of its S&P Collateral Value and Moody’s Collateral Value).
Within 10 Business Days following the Effective Date, the Collateral Administrator shall issue a report (the “Effective Date Report”) containing the information required in a Monthly Report, confirming whether the Issuer has acquired or entered into a binding commitment to acquire Collateral Obligations having an Aggregate Principal Balance which equals or exceeds the Target Par Amount, copies of which shall be forwarded to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Rating Agencies (provided that, for the purposes of determining the Aggregate Principal Balance as provided above, any repayments or prepayments in respect of a Collateral Obligation following acquisition by the Issuer shall be disregarded and the Principal Balance of a Collateral Obligation which is a Defaulted Obligation will be the lower of its S&P Collateral Value and its Moody’s Collateral Value).
Within 35 Business Days following the Effective Date the Issuer will provide, or cause the Collateral Manager to provide, to the Trustee and the Collateral Administrator (with a copy to the Collateral Manager, if applicable), an accountants’ certificate recalculating and comparing the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations purchased or committed to be purchased as at the Effective Date and the results of the Portfolio Profile Tests (other than paragraph (m) thereof), the Collateral Quality Tests and the Coverage Tests (other than the Interest Coverage Tests) by reference to such Collateral Obligations. The accountants’ certificate shall specify the procedures undertaken to review data and computations relating to such recalculations and confirm that the Effective Date Determination Requirements are satisfied.
The Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) shall promptly, following receipt of the Effective Date Report, request that each of the Rating Agencies (to the extent not previously received) confirm its Initial Ratings of the Rated Notes; provided that (i) if the Effective Date S&P Condition is satisfied then such Rating Agency Confirmation shall be deemed to have been given by S&P, and/or (ii) if the Effective Date Moody’s Condition is satisfied then such Rating Agency Confirmation shall be deemed to have been received from Moody’s. If the Effective Date S&P Condition is not satisfied within 35 Business Days following the Effective Date, the Collateral Manager shall promptly notify S&P and/or if the Effective Date Moody’s Condition is not satisfied within 35 Business Days following the Effective Date, the Collateral Manager shall promptly notify Moody’s. If:
(i) the Effective Date Determination Requirements are not satisfied and Rating Agency Confirmation has not been received in respect of such failure, and (b) either the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) does not present a Rating Confirmation Plan to the Rating Agencies, or Rating Agency Confirmation is not received in respect of such Rating Confirmation Plan upon request therefor by the Collateral Manager; or
the Effective Date Moody’s Condition is not satisfied and following a request therefor from the Collateral Manager after the Effective Date, Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s is not received; or
the Effective Date S&P Condition is not satisfied and, following a request therefor from the Collateral Manager following the Effective Date, Rating Agency Confirmation from S&P is not received,
an Effective Date Rating Event shall have occurred, provided that any downgrade or withdrawal of the Initial Ratings of the Rated Notes which is not directly related to a request for confirmation thereof or which occurs after confirmation thereof by the Rating Agencies shall not constitute an Effective Date Rating Event.
If an Effective Date Rating Event has occurred and is continuing on the Business Day prior to the Payment Date next following the Effective Date, either (1) the Issuer, at the direction of the Collateral Manager, shall purchase additional Collateral Obligations until an Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing, provided that such purchase shall occur on or prior to the Determination Date prior to the second Payment Date, or (2) the Rated Notes shall be redeemed, pursuant to Condition 7(e) (Redemption upon Effective Date Rating Event) on such Payment Date and thereafter on each subsequent Payment Date (to the extent required) out of Interest Proceeds and thereafter out of Principal Proceeds subject to the Priorities of Payment, until the earlier of (x) the date on which the Effective Date Rating Event is no longer continuing and (y) the date on which the Rated Notes have been redeemed in full. The Collateral Manager shall notify the Rating Agencies upon the discontinuance of an Effective Date Rating Event.
During such time as an Effective Date Rating Event shall have occurred and be continuing, the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may prepare and present to the Rating Agencies a Rating Confirmation Plan setting forth the timing and manner of acquisition of additional Collateral Obligations and/or any other intended action which is intended to cause confirmation or reinstatement of the Initial Ratings. The Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) is under no obligation whatsoever to present a Rating Confirmation Plan to the Rating Agencies.
The Collateral Manager has internal policies and procedures in relation to the granting of credit (in respect of the Collateral Obligations), which include criteria for the granting of credit and the process for approving, amending and refinancing credits (as to which, in relation to the Collateral Obligations, see also the information set out in this section of the Offering Circular, which describes the criteria that the selection of Collateral Obligations are subject to, being, in particular, in the Eligibility Criteria, the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Collateral Quality Tests and the Reinvestment Criteria). The Collateral Manager is obliged to exercise such policies and procedures subject
to the Standard of Care required under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, and as further described in this Offering Circular.
Eligibility Criteria
Each Collateral Obligation must, at the time of entering into a binding commitment to acquire such obligation by, or on behalf of, the Issuer, satisfy the following criteria (the “Eligibility Criteria”) as determined by the Collateral Manager in its reasonable discretion:
(a) it is a Secured Senior Obligation, a Corporate Rescue Loan, an Unsecured Senior Obligation, a Mezzanine Obligation, a Second Lien Loan or a High Yield Bond;
(b) it is (I) denominated in Euro or (II) is denominated in a Qualifying Currency other than Euro and either
(x) if such Collateral Obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency, within 180 calendar days of the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, and otherwise (y) no later than the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) enters into a Currency Hedge Transaction with a notional amount in the relevant currency equal to the aggregate principal amount of such Collateral Obligation and otherwise complies with the requirements set out in respect of Currency Hedge Obligations in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and (III) is not convertible into or payable in any other currency;
(c) other than a Corporate Rescue Loan, it is not a Defaulted Obligation or a Credit Risk Obligation (unless such Defaulted Obligation is a Received Obligation);
(d) it is not a lease (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a financial lease);
(e) it is not: (i) a Structured Finance Security, (ii) a Letter of Credit or (iii) a Synthetic Security;
(f) it provides for a fixed amount of principal payable in cash on scheduled payment dates and/or at maturity and does not by its terms provide for earlier amortisation or prepayment in each case at a price of less than par;
(g) it is not a Zero Coupon Security;
(h) it is not convertible into equity by its terms and it does not constitute “margin stock” (as defined under Regulation U issued by the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve System);
(i) it is an obligation in respect of which, following acquisition thereof by the Issuer by the selected method of transfer, payments to the Issuer will not be subject to withholding tax or other similar tax (other than
U.S. withholding tax on commitment fees, amendment fees, waiver fees, consent fees, letter of credit fees, extension fees, or similar fees) imposed by any jurisdiction unless either: (i) such withholding tax can be eliminated by application being made under the applicable double tax treaty or otherwise, (ii) the Obligor is required to make “gross-up” payments to the Issuer that cover the full amount of any such withholding on an after-tax basis, (iii) such withholding tax is imposed under FATCA as a result of the Issuer being unable to achieve or maintain compliance with FATCA due to (x) a holder or beneficial owner of a Note failing to provide the required information to comply with FATCA or otherwise causing the Issuer to be unable to achieve or maintain compliance with FATCA or (y) a change in law or (iv) if the Obligor is not required to make “gross-up” payments that compensate the Issuer directly or indirectly in full for such withholding on an after-tax basis, the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test, based on payments received by the Issuer on an after-tax basis, is passed after such purchase or if not passed maintained or improved after such purchase;
(j) other than in the case of Corporate Rescue Loans or Current Pay Obligations, it has a Moody’s Default Probability Rating of not lower than “Caa3” and it has a S&P Rating of not lower than “CCC-”;
(k) it is not a debt obligation whose repayment is subject to substantial non-credit related risk, including catastrophe bonds or instruments whose repayment is conditional on the non-occurrence of certain catastrophes or similar events;
(l) it will not result in the imposition of any present or future, actual or contingent, monetary liabilities or obligations of the Issuer other than those: (i) which may arise at its option; (ii) which are fully collateralised; (iii) which are subject to limited recourse provisions similar to those set out in the Trust Deed; (iv) which are owed to the agent bank or security agent in relation to the performance of its duties under or in connection with a Collateral Obligation; (v) which are Hedge Issuer Tax Credit Payments;
(vi) which may arise as a result of an undertaking to participate in a financial restructuring of a Collateral Obligation where such undertaking is contingent upon the redemption in full of such Collateral Obligation on or before the time by which the Issuer is obliged to enter into the restructured Collateral Obligation and where the restructured Collateral Obligation satisfies the Eligibility Criteria and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer is not liable to pay any amounts in respect of a restructured Collateral Obligation; or (vii) which are Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Obligations, provided that, in respect of sub-paragraph (iv) only, the imposition of any present or future, actual or contingent, monetary liabilities or obligations of the Issuer following such restructuring shall not exceed the redemption amounts from such restructured Collateral Obligation;
(m) it will not require the Issuer or the pool of collateral to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act;
(n) it is not a debt obligation that pays scheduled interest less frequently than annually (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, PIK Obligations);
(o) it is not a debt obligation which pays interest only and does not require the repayment of principal;
(p) it is not subject to a tender offer, voluntary redemption, exchange offer, conversion or other similar action for a price less than its par amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest;
(q) the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity thereof falls prior to the Maturity Date of the Notes;
(r) its acquisition by the Issuer will not result in the imposition of stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or similar duty or tax payable by or otherwise recoverable from the Issuer, unless such stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax or similar duty or tax has been included in the purchase price of such Collateral Obligation;
(s) it is a “qualifying asset” for the purposes of section 110 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland (“TCA”), as amended and is not a “specified mortgage” for the purposes of the TCA, units in an Irish Real Estate Fund (IREF) within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 of the TCA or shares that derive their value or the greater part of their value directly or indirectly from Irish real estate;
(t) upon acquisition, both (i) the Collateral Obligation is capable of being, and will be, the subject of a first fixed charge, a first priority security interest or comparable security arrangement having substantially the same effect in favour of the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties and (ii) (subject to (i) above) the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) has notified the Trustee in writing in the event that any Collateral Obligation that is a bond is held through the Custodian but not held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or does not satisfy any requirements relating to collateral held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable) specified in the Trust Deed and has taken such action as the Trustee may require to effect such security interest;
(u) is an obligation of an Obligor or Obligors Domiciled in a Non-Emerging Market Country (as determined by the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer);
(v) it is capable of being sold, assigned or participated to the Issuer, together with any associated security, without any breach of applicable selling restrictions or of any contractual provisions or of any legal or regulatory requirements and the Issuer does not require any authorisations, consents (other than those which the Collateral Manager reasonably believes will be obtained), approvals or filings other than such as have been obtained or effected as a result of or in connection with any such sale, assignment or participation under any applicable law;
(w) it has not been called for, and is not subject to a pending redemption, provided that the Collateral Manager may acquire such an obligation if the purchase price thereof is lower than the applicable redemption price;
(x) it is not a Project Finance Loan;
(y) it is in registered form for U.S. federal income tax purposes, unless it is not a “registration-required obligation” as defined in Section 163(f) of the Code;
(z) it must require the consent of at least 50 per cent. of the lenders to the Obligor thereunder for any change that is adverse to the interests of the holders thereof in the principal repayment profile or interest applicable on such obligation (for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any changes originally envisaged in the loan documentation) provided that in the case of a Collateral Obligation that is a bond, such percentage requirement shall refer to the percentage of holders required to approve a resolution on any such matter, either as a percentage of those attending a quorate bondholder meeting or as a percentage of all bondholders acting by way of a written resolution;
(aa) it is not an obligation where the total potential indebtedness (comprised of all financial debt owing by the Obligor, including the maximum available amount or total commitment under any revolving or delayed draw loans) of the Obligor thereof under all loan agreements and other Underlying Instruments governing such Obligor’s indebtedness has an aggregate principal amount (whether drawn or undrawn) of less than €150,000,000;
(bb) it is not an obligation of an Obligor which, in the determination of the Collateral Manager, has its main source of revenue from tobacco related products;
(cc) it does not have an “f”, “r”, “p”, “pi”, “q”, “(sf)” or “t” subscript assigned by S&P; and
(dd) is acquired by the Issuer for a purchase price equal to or greater than 60 per cent. of its Principal Balance, unless such obligation is a Swapped Non-Discount Obligation.
Other than (i) Issue Date Collateral Obligations which must satisfy the Eligibility Criteria on the Issue Date and
(ii) Collateral Obligations which are the subject of a restructuring (whether effected by way of an amendment to the terms of such Collateral Obligation (including but not limited to an extension of its maturity) or by way of substitution of new obligations and/or change of Obligor) which must satisfy the Restructured Obligation Criteria on the applicable Restructuring Date, the subsequent failure of any Collateral Obligation to satisfy any of the Eligibility Criteria shall not prevent any obligation which would otherwise be a Collateral Obligation from being a Collateral Obligation so long as such obligation satisfied the Eligibility Criteria, when the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer entered into a binding agreement to purchase such obligation.
For the avoidance of doubt, a security that is a Step-Up Coupon Security and that otherwise meets the Eligibility Criteria shall be eligible.
Notwithstanding the above, a Loss Mitigation Loan shall not be required to satisfy the Eligibility Criteria at the time of entry into a binding commitment to acquire such obligation by, or on behalf of the Issuer, but will only be designated as a Collateral Obligation by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
For the avoidance of doubt, subject to each condition set out in paragraphs (a) to (j) of the definition of Bankruptcy Exchange being satisfied, any Received Obligation received as part of a Bankruptcy Exchange shall constitute a Collateral Obligation.
“Letter of Credit” means a contract under which a bank, at the request of a buyer on the sale of specific goods, agrees to pay the beneficiary on the sale contract (such party being the seller in connection with the sale of specific goods) a certain amount against the presentation of specified documents relating to those goods.
“Project Finance Loan” means a loan obligation under which the obligor is obliged to make payments that depend (except for rights or other assets designed to assure the servicing or timely distribution of payments) on revenues arising from infrastructure assets, including, without limitation:
the sale of products, such as electricity, water, gas or oil, generated by one or more infrastructure assets in the utility industry by a special purpose entity; and
fees charged in respect of one or more highways, bridges, tunnels, pipelines or other infrastructure assets by a special purpose entity, and
in each case, the sole activity of such special purpose entity is the ownership and/or management of such asset or assets and the acquisition and/or development of such asset by the special purpose entity was effected primarily with the proceeds of debt financing made available to it on a limited recourse basis.
“Step-Down Coupon Security” means a security, the Underlying Instruments of which contractually mandates a decrease in the interest rate on such security (other than due to the decrease of the floating rate index applicable to such security), solely as a function of the passage of time, provided that a security providing for payment of a constant rate of interest at all times after the date of the binding commitment to purchase of such security by the Issuer shall not constitute a Step-Down Coupon Security. For the avoidance of doubt, a security will not be considered to be a Step-Down Coupon Security where interest payments decrease for non-contractual reasons due to unscheduled events such as a decrease in the floating rate index applicable to such security, the change from a default rate of interest to a non-default rate, or an improvement in the Obligor’s financial condition.
“Structured Finance Security” means any debt security which is a “securitisation” as defined in the Securitisation Regulation.
For the avoidance of doubt, for the purposes of this definition, a debt security backed by intercompany obligations shall not be deemed to be a Structured Finance Security.
“Synthetic Security” means a security or swap transaction (other than a Participation) that has payments of interest or principal on a reference obligation or the credit performance of a reference obligation.
“Zero Coupon Security” means a security (other than a Step-Up Coupon Security) that, at the time of determination, does not provide for periodic payments of interest.
Restructured Obligations
In the event a Collateral Obligation becomes (as determined by the Issuer, assisted by the Collateral Manager) the subject of a restructuring whether effected by way of an amendment to the terms of such Collateral Obligation (including but not limited to an amendment of its maturity date) or by way of substitution of new obligations and/or change of Obligor, such obligation shall only constitute a Restructured Obligation if such obligation satisfies each of the criteria comprising the Eligibility Criteria other than paragraphs (c), (g), (i), (j), (q), (aa) and (dd) thereof, and it has a S&P Rating and a Moody’s Rating, provided that in the case of a Received Obligation or an obligation which, as a result of such restructuring, would have a Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity falling on or after the Maturity Date (a “Long-Dated Restructured Obligation”), not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for which purpose, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be the lower of its Moody’s Collateral Value and its S&P Collateral Value) shall consist of Long-Dated Restructured Obligations (together, the “Restructured Obligation Criteria”).
For the avoidance of doubt, a repayment of a Collateral Obligation in circumstances whereby the redemption proceeds are rolled as consideration for a new obligation (including by way of a “cashless roll”) shall be treated as the acquisition by the Issuer of a new Collateral Obligation and not as the acquisition of a Restructured Obligation.
Issuer Subsidiaries
Prior to the time that the Issuer would acquire or receive a letter of credit or an asset in connection with a workout or restructuring of a Collateral Obligation that could cause the Issuer to be treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and prior to the time that any Collateral Obligation is modified in a manner that could cause the Issuer to be treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Issuer either will:
incorporate an Issuer Subsidiary and contribute to the Issuer Subsidiary the right to receive such letter of credit or asset, or the Collateral Obligation that is the subject of the workout, restructuring or modification;
sell the right to receive such letter of credit or asset or Collateral Obligation that is the subject of the workout, restructuring, or modification; or
contribute to an existing Issuer Subsidiary the right to receive such letter of credit or asset or the Collateral Obligation that is the subject of the workout, restructuring, or modification,
in each case, subject to and in accordance with all applicable laws (including, without limitation, the securities and banking laws and regulations of Ireland) and provided that such action shall not adversely affect the Irish tax position of the Issuer or cause the Issuer or the Issuer Subsidiary to have a tax residency or a taxable permanent establishment outside Ireland (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, the United States or the Cayman Islands).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer shall not acquire any Collateral Obligation if a restructuring or workout of such Collateral Obligation is in process and if such restructuring or workout could in the reasonable opinion of the Collateral Manager result in the Issuer being treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States or subject to U.S. federal tax on a net income basis. The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) shall cause each Issuer Subsidiary (x) to give a guarantee in favour of the Trustee pursuant to which such Issuer Subsidiary absolutely and unconditionally guarantees, to the Trustee for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the Secured Obligations (subject to limited recourse and non-petition provisions equivalent (mutatis mutandis) to those contained in Condition 4(c) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition) and limited to the assets held by such Issuer Subsidiary) and (y) to enter into a security agreement between such Issuer Subsidiary and the Trustee pursuant to which such Issuer Subsidiary grants a perfected, first priority continuing security interest in all of its property to secure its obligations under such guarantee.
The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) shall only be permitted to incorporate an Issuer Subsidiary if, immediately upon incorporation of such Issuer Subsidiary, it charges, in favour of the Trustee as security for the Secured Obligations, all of the Issuer’s future rights, title and interest (and all entitlements and other benefits relating thereto) to the extent possible, in such Issuer Subsidiary.
Each Issuer Subsidiary will be required at all times to have at least one independent director meeting the requirements of an “Independent Director” as set forth in the Issuer Subsidiary’s organisational documents. Each Issuer Subsidiary will not have any employees (other than its directors) and will not have any subsidiaries (other than any subsidiaries that are subject to the covenants applicable to Issuer Subsidiaries). The Issuer will cause the purposes and permitted activities of each Issuer Subsidiary to be restricted solely to the acquisition, receipt, holding, management and disposition of the assets and Collateral Obligations that are contributed to the Issuer Subsidiary and any assets, income and proceeds received in respect thereof (collectively, “Issuer Subsidiary Assets” ), and will require the Issuer Subsidiary to distribute 100 per cent. of the net proceeds of any sale of such assets, net of any tax or other liabilities, to the Issuer. The Issuer will cause each Issuer Subsidiary to include certain covenants in respect of its separate identity in its constitutional document. Prior to the formation of an Issuer Subsidiary, the Issuer (or Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall notify the Rating Agencies of such formation.
Each Issuer Subsidiary that holds a letter of credit generally will be required to reserve an amount equal to the
U.S. corporate tax rate (currently 21 per cent.) multiplied by any fees received on the letter of credit and any gain on the sale of the letter of credit, less any taxes withheld in respect of those amounts, in a non-interest bearing trust account (the “Letter of Credit Reserve Account” ), and generally will not be able to withdraw funds from the Letter of Credit Reserve Account except to pay any taxes that may be imposed in respect of the fees or gain. Amounts held in a Letter of Credit Reserve Account generally will not be available to the Issuer to make payments on the Notes until the Maturity Date, an Optional Redemption (other than pursuant to a Refinancing), or upon a Collateral Tax Event or Note Tax Event.
Management of the Portfolio

Overview

The Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) is permitted, in certain circumstances and, subject to certain requirements, to sell, at its discretion, Collateral Obligations and Exchanged Securities and to reinvest the Sale Proceeds (other than accrued interest on such Collateral Obligations included in Interest Proceeds by the Collateral Manager) thereof in Substitute Collateral Obligations. The Collateral Manager shall notify the Collateral Administrator of all necessary details of the Collateral Obligation or the Exchanged Security to be sold and the proposed Substitute Collateral Obligation to be purchased and the Collateral Administrator (on the behalf of the Issuer) shall determine and shall provide confirmation of whether the Portfolio Profile Tests and the Reinvestment Criteria which are required to be satisfied, maintained or improved in connection with any such sale or reinvestment are satisfied, maintained or improved or, if any such criteria are not satisfied, maintained or improved, shall notify the Issuer and the Collateral Manager of the reasons and the extent to which such criteria are not so satisfied, maintained or improved.
The Collateral Manager will determine and use reasonable endeavours to cause to be purchased by the Issuer, Collateral Obligations (including all Substitute Collateral Obligations) taking into account the Eligibility Criteria, the guidelines in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and, where applicable, the Reinvestment Criteria and will monitor the performance of the Collateral Obligations on an ongoing basis to the extent practicable using sources of information reasonably available to it and provided that the Collateral Manager shall not be responsible for determining whether or not the terms of any individual Collateral Obligation have been observed.
The activities referred to below that the Collateral Manager may undertake on behalf of the Issuer are subject to the Issuer’s monitoring of the performance of the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
Sale of Issue Date Collateral Obligations

The Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, shall sell any Issue Date Collateral Obligations which do not comply with the Eligibility Criteria on the Issue Date (each a “Non-Eligible Issue Date Collateral Obligation”). Any Sale Proceeds received in connection therewith may be reinvested in Substitute Collateral Obligations satisfying the Eligibility Criteria or credited to the Principal Account pending such reinvestment.
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Sale of Credit Risk Obligations, Credit Improved Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loans, Defaulted Obligations and Exchanged Securities

Credit Risk Obligations, Credit Improved Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loans and Defaulted Obligations may be sold at any time by the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer), subject to, within the Collateral Manager’s knowledge (without the need for inquiry or investigation), no Note Event of Default having occurred which is continuing.
The Collateral Manager may also direct the Issuer to sell any Exchanged Security at any time without restriction.
Discretionary Sales

The Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf may dispose of any Collateral Obligation (or any other asset) at any time if it determines that the acquisition or holding of such Collateral Obligation (or other asset) violates or may in the future violate the Tax Guidelines.
The Issuer or the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may dispose of any Collateral Obligation (other than a Credit Improved Obligation, a Credit Risk Obligation, a Defaulted Obligation or an Exchanged Security, each of which may only be sold in the circumstances provided above) at any time (“Discretionary Sale”) provided:
no Note Event of Default has occurred which is continuing (in the case of the Collateral Manager, to its knowledge, without the need for inquiry or investigation);
following the Effective Date, after giving effect to such sale, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations sold as described in this paragraph during the preceding 12 calendar months (or, for the first 12 calendar months after the Issue Date, during the period commencing on the Issue Date) is not greater than 30 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount as of the first day of such 12 calendar month period (or as of the Issue Date, as the case may be); and
either:
(i) during the Reinvestment Period, the Collateral Manager reasonably believes prior to such sale that it will be able to enter into one or more binding commitments to reinvest all or a portion of the proceeds of such sale in accordance with the Reinvestment Criteria; or
(ii) at any time either (1) the Sale Proceeds from such sale are at least sufficient to maintain or improve the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount (as measured before such sale); or (2) after giving effect to such sale, the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (excluding the Collateral Obligation being sold but including, without duplication, the expected Sale Proceeds of such sale and for such purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be its Market Value multiplied by its Principal Balance) plus, without duplication, the amounts on deposit in the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account (to the extent such amounts have not and will not be designated as Interest Proceeds to be credited to the Interest Account and including Eligible Investments therein but save for any interest accrued on Eligible Investments) will be greater than (or equal to) the Reinvestment Target Par Balance after giving effect to such sale (as defined below).
For the purposes of determining the percentage of Collateral Obligations sold during any such period, the amount of any Collateral Obligations sold will be reduced to the extent of any purchases of Collateral Obligations of the same Obligor (which are pari passu or senior to such sold Collateral Obligation) so long as any such Collateral Obligation was sold with the intention of purchasing a Collateral Obligation of the same Obligor (which would be pari passu or senior to such sold Collateral Obligation); provided that for the purposes of such determination, Secured Senior Loans and Secured Senior Bonds shall be deemed to be pari passu.
Restricted Trading Period

The Issuer or the Collateral Manager (acting on its behalf) shall promptly notify Moody’s and S&P upon the occurrence of a Restricted Trading Period.
Sale of Collateral Prior to Maturity Date

In the event of: (i) any redemption of the Rated Notes in whole prior to the Maturity Date; (ii) receipt of notification from the Trustee of enforcement of the security over the Collateral; or (iii) the purchase of Notes of any Class by the Issuer, the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) will (with regard to (ii), if requested by the Trustee following the enforcement of such security), as far as reasonably practicable, arrange for liquidation of the Collateral in order to procure that the proceeds thereof are in immediately available funds by the Business Day prior to the applicable Redemption Date or date of sale of all or part of the Portfolio, as applicable, in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase) and clause 22 (Realisation of Collateral) of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement but without regard to the limitations set out in clause 20.4 (Sale of Collateral Obligations) of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (which will include any limitations or restrictions set out in the Conditions and the Trust Deed).
Sale of Assets which do not Constitute Collateral Obligations

In the event that an asset did not satisfy the Eligibility Criteria on the date it was required to do so in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to sell such asset. Such proceeds shall constitute Sale Proceeds and may be reinvested in accordance with and subject to the Reinvestment Criteria.
Bankruptcy Exchange

At any time during the Reinvestment Period, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may enter into a Bankruptcy Exchange, subject to the limitations contained in the definition of “Bankruptcy Exchange”. The acquisition of any Received Obligations in a Bankruptcy Exchange shall not be subject to the Reinvestment Criteria.
CAM Exchanged Obligations

If a Euro denominated Collateral Obligation becomes a Defaulted Obligation and subsequently becomes the subject of a mandatory exchange for a USD denominated obligation pursuant to a collateral allocation mechanism provision being triggered (such Collateral Obligation, prior to becoming a Defaulted Obligation, a “Pre- Exchanged Obligation”, and after having been exchanged for a USD denominated obligation, a “CAM Exchanged Obligation”), the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may in its discretion sell such CAM Exchanged Obligation at any time subject to no Event of Default having occurred.
The Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may (but is not obliged to) reinvest Sale Proceeds received from the sale of a CAM Exchanged Obligation in an obligation:
denominated in Euro;
ranking at the same or more senior level of seniority as the CAM Exchanged Obligation which produced such Sale Proceeds; and
which has been issued under the same facility as such CAM Exchanged Obligation by, inter alios, the Obligor (or an Affiliate thereof) of the CAM Exchanged Obligation which produced such Sale Proceeds,
(such obligation being a “CAM Exchanged EUR Obligation”) provided that:

(i) the amount reinvested in such CAM Exchanged EUR Obligation shall not exceed the Euro equivalent (converted at the Spot Rate) of the principal balance of the CAM Exchanged Obligation;
(ii) the Reinvestment Criteria and paragraphs (c) and (j) of the Eligibility Criteria shall be deemed to be satisfied in respect of such purchase of a CAM Exchanged EUR Obligation;
(iii) a CAM Exchanged EUR Obligation may only be acquired if following such reinvestment, the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount is:
(A) more than the Reinvestment Target Par Balance;
(B) maintained or improved as compared to the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount immediately after the Pre-Exchanged Obligation became a Defaulted Obligation but prior to the mandatory exchange which resulted in the Issuer holding a CAM Exchanged Obligation; or
(C) maintained or improved as compared to the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount (and for such purpose the Principal Balance of such CAM Exchanged Obligation shall be the product of (I) the lower of (x) its prevailing Market Value and (y) the relevant Moody’s Recovery Rate, (II) 85 per cent. of the principal amount of such CAM Exchanged Obligation, and (III) the applicable Spot Rate) immediately after the mandatory exchange which resulted in the Issuer holding a CAM Exchanged Obligation; and
(iv) notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, a CAM Exchanged EUR Obligation that is also a Restructured Obligation (and, for the purposes of this paragraph (iv), any restructuring pursuant to the collateral allocation mechanism provision shall not in itself result in such CAM Exchanged EUR Obligation being a Restructured Obligation), may not be acquired by the
Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) with the Sale Proceeds received from the sale of a CAM Exchanged Obligation.
The Collateral Manager may only sell a CAM Exchanged Obligation and reinvest such Sale Proceeds in a CAM Exchanged EUR Obligation if, in the judgment of the Collateral Manager (which judgement will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events), such sale and subsequent reinvestment is expected to result in a higher level of ultimate recovery when compared to the expected ultimate recovery from the CAM Exchanged Obligation.
Reinvestment of Collateral Obligations

“Reinvestment Criteria” means, during the Reinvestment Period, the criteria set out under “During the Reinvestment Period” below and, following the expiry of the Reinvestment Period, the criteria set out below under “Following the Expiry of the Reinvestment Period”. The Reinvestment Criteria shall not apply prior to the Effective Date or in the case of a Collateral Obligation which has been restructured where such restructuring has become binding on the holders thereof (whether or not such obligation would constitute a Restructured Obligation). The acquisition of any Received Obligations in a Bankruptcy Exchange shall not be subject to the Reinvestment Criteria.
During the Reinvestment Period

During the Reinvestment Period, the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may, at its discretion, reinvest any Principal Proceeds (with the exception of Principal Proceeds received both before and after the Reinvestment Period in connection with the acceptance of an Offer where such Offer is by way of novation or substitution, where such principal proceeds will be reinvested automatically as consideration for the novated or substitute Collateral Obligation (subject to the Restructured Obligation Criteria being satisfied)) in the purchase of Substitute Collateral Obligations satisfying the Eligibility Criteria provided that immediately after entering into a binding commitment to acquire such Collateral Obligation and taking into account existing commitments, the criteria set out below (which shall (other than in respect of (a) and (b) and subject as otherwise specified in (c)), apply only on and after the Effective Date) must be satisfied:
to the Collateral Manager’s knowledge (without the need for inquiry or investigation), no Note Event of Default has occurred that is continuing at the time of such purchase;
such obligation is a Collateral Obligation;
the Coverage Tests (save for the Interest Coverage Tests, which shall apply only on and after the Determination Date falling immediately prior to the second Payment Date) are satisfied or if (other than with respect to the reinvestment of any proceeds received upon the sale of, or as a recovery on, any Defaulted Obligation) as calculated immediately prior to any purchase of a Substitute Collateral Obligation any Coverage Test was not satisfied, the coverage ratio relating to such test will be maintained or improved after giving effect to such reinvestment;
in the case of a Substitute Collateral Obligation purchased with Sale Proceeds of a Credit Risk Obligation or a Defaulted Obligation either:
(i) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Substitute Collateral Obligations purchased with such Sale Proceeds shall at least equal such Sale Proceeds;
(ii) the Aggregate Principal Balance (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) of all Collateral Obligations (immediately following such purchase) will be maintained or increased, when compared to the Aggregate Principal Balance (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) of all Collateral Obligations immediately prior to the sale that produced such Sale Proceeds; or
(iii) the sum of: (A) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be the lower of its Moody’s Collateral Value and its S&P Collateral Value) (excluding all of the Collateral Obligations being sold but
including, without duplication, the Collateral Obligations being purchased and the anticipated cash proceeds, if any, of such sale that are not applied to the purchase of such Substitute Collateral Obligations); and (B) amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account and Unused Proceeds Account (to the extent such amounts have not and will not be designated as Interest Proceeds to be credited to the Interest Account and including any Eligible Investments therein but save for any interest accrued on Eligible Investments) is equal to or greater than the Reinvestment Target Par Balance;
in the case of a Substitute Collateral Obligation purchased with Sale Proceeds of a Credit Improved Obligation or a Discretionary Sale either:
(i) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) shall be maintained or improved after giving effect to such reinvestment when compared with the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) immediately prior to the sale that generates such Sale Proceeds; or
(ii) the sum of: (A) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be the lower of its Moody’s Collateral Value and its S&P Collateral Value) (excluding all of the Collateral Obligations being sold but including, without duplication, the Collateral Obligations being purchased and the anticipated cash proceeds, if any, of such sale that are not applied to the purchase of such Substitute Collateral Obligations); and (B) amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account (to the extent such amounts have not and will not be designated as Interest Proceeds to be credited to the Interest Account and including any Eligible Investments therein but save for any interest accrued on Eligible Investments) is greater than or equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance;
either (A) each of the Portfolio Profile Tests and the Collateral Quality Tests will be satisfied; or (B) if any of the Portfolio Profile Tests or Collateral Quality Tests are not satisfied, such tests will be maintained or improved after giving effect to such reinvestment when compared with the results of such tests as calculated immediately prior to the sale, prepayment or repayment (in whole or in part) of the relevant Collateral Obligation, save that this paragraph (f) shall not apply in respect of the S&P CDO Monitor Test in the case of the reinvestment of Sale Proceeds from Credit Risk Obligations or Defaulted Obligations;
in the case of a Substitute Collateral Obligation that is an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation, the sum of: (A) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value and excluding all of the Collateral Obligations being sold but including, without duplication, the Collateral Obligations being purchased and the anticipated cash proceeds, if any, of such sale that are not applied to the purchase of such Substitute Collateral Obligation); and (B) amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account and Unused Proceeds Account (including any Eligible Investments (save for interest accrued on Eligible Investments) but excluding amounts that will be applied to purchase such Substitute Collateral Obligations) is greater than or equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance; and
with respect to the reinvestment of Sale Proceeds, Unscheduled Principal Proceeds and Scheduled Principal Proceeds (other than Sale Proceeds from Credit Improved Obligations, Credit Risk Obligations, Defaulted Obligations and Discretionary Sales) either:
(i) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) shall be maintained or improved after giving effect to such reinvestment when compared with the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) immediately prior to the sale that generates such Sale Proceeds or the redemption that generates such Unscheduled Principal Proceeds or Scheduled Principal Proceeds; or
(ii) the sum of:
(A) the Aggregate Principal Balance (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value) of all Collateral Obligations (excluding all of the Collateral Obligations being sold or redeemed but including, without duplication, the Substitute Collateral Obligations being purchased and the anticipated cash proceeds, if any, of such sale or redemption that are not applied to the purchase of such Substitute Collateral Obligations); and
(B) amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account (to the extent such amounts have not and will not be designated as Interest Proceeds to be credited to the Interest Account and including any Eligible Investments therein but save for any interest accrued on Eligible Investments),
is greater than or equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance,
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any Collateral Obligations for which the trade date has occurred during the Reinvestment Period but which settle after such date, the purchase of such Collateral Obligations shall be treated as a purchase made during the Reinvestment Period for purposes of the Trust Deed.
Following the Expiry of the Reinvestment Period

Following the expiry of the Reinvestment Period, (i) Sale Proceeds from the sale of Credit Risk Obligations, Credit Improved Obligations and Unscheduled Principal Proceeds of Collateral Obligations (with the exception of principal proceeds received both before and after the Reinvestment Period in connection with the acceptance of an Offer where such Offer is by way of novation or substitution, where such principal proceeds will be reinvested automatically as consideration for the novated or substitute Collateral Obligation (subject to the Restructured Obligation Criteria being satisfied)), only, and (ii) only with respect to the Due Period corresponding to the first Payment Date following the expiry of the Reinvestment Period, any Scheduled Principal Proceeds or Sale Proceeds received from Discretionary Sales committed to by the Issuer prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period (which, in each case, have not previously been reinvested or distributed), may be reinvested by the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) in one or more Substitute Collateral Obligations satisfying the Eligibility Criteria, in each case provided that:
the Aggregate Principal Balance of Substitute Collateral Obligations equals or exceeds (i) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the related Collateral Obligations that produced such Unscheduled Principal Proceeds or Sale Proceeds, or (ii) the amount of Sale Proceeds of any such Credit Risk Obligations, as the case may be;
a Restricted Trading Period is not currently in effect;
each of the Portfolio Profile Tests are satisfied after giving effect to such reinvestment or if not so satisfied, are maintained or improved after giving effect to such reinvestment as compared to immediately prior to such sale, repayment (in whole or in part) of the relevant Collateral Obligation;
after giving effect to such reinvestment, not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Moody’s Caa Obligations;
after giving effect to such reinvestment, not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are S&P CCC Obligations;
each of the Coverage Tests is satisfied after giving effect to such reinvestment;
to the Collateral Manager’s knowledge (without the need for inquiry or investigation), no Note Event of Default has occurred that is continuing at the time of such purchase;
the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity of each Substitute Collateral Obligation is the same as or earlier than the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity of the Collateral Obligation that produced such Unscheduled Principal Proceeds or Sale Proceeds, as the case may be, provided that where such
Substitute Collateral Obligation is purchased pursuant to a Trading Plan, this paragraph (h) shall be satisfied if the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity of the Substitute Collateral Obligations purchased pursuant to such Trading Plan (calculated on a weighted average basis with respect to each such Substitute Collateral Obligation’s Principal Balance) is the same as or earlier than the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity of the Collateral Obligations being sold or subject to repayment and that produced such Unscheduled Principal Proceeds or Sale Proceeds, as the case may be;
in the case of a Substitute Collateral Obligation that is an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation, the sum of: (A) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (for which purpose the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be multiplied by its Market Value and excluding all of the Collateral Obligations being sold but including, without duplication, the Collateral Obligations being purchased and the anticipated cash proceeds, if any, of such sale that are not applied to the purchase of such Substitute Collateral Obligation); and (B) amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Account and Unused Proceeds Account (including any Eligible Investments (save for interest accrued on Eligible Investments) but excluding amounts that will be applied to purchase such Substitute Collateral Obligations) is greater than or equal to the Reinvestment Target Par Balance;
each of the Collateral Quality Tests (other than the S&P CDO Monitor Test, the Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test and the Weighted Average Life Test) are satisfied after giving effect to such reinvestment or if not so satisfied such tests will be maintained or improved after giving effect to such reinvestment when compared with the results of such tests as calculated immediately prior to the sale, prepayment or repayment (in whole or in part) of the relevant Collateral Obligation;
such Substitute Collateral Obligation(s), for so long as any Notes rated by S&P are Outstanding, (i) have the same or a higher S&P Rating as the Collateral Obligation that produced such Unscheduled Principal Proceeds or Sale Proceeds or (ii) the S&P CDO Monitor SDR is no greater following such reinvestment;
the Weighted Average Life Test will be either (i) if the Weighted Average Life Test was not satisfied as of the last Business Day of the Reinvestment Period, satisfied after giving effect to such reinvestment or
(ii) if the Weighted Average Life Test was satisfied as of the last Business Day of the Reinvestment Period, satisfied, maintained or improved immediately after giving effect to such reinvestment).
Following the expiry of the Reinvestment Period, (i) any Unscheduled Principal Proceeds and any Sale Proceeds from the sale of Credit Risk Obligations and Credit Improved Obligations and (ii) only with respect to the Due Period corresponding to the first Payment Date following the expiry of the Reinvestment Period, any Scheduled Principal Proceeds or Sale Proceeds received from Discretionary Sales committed to prior to the end of the Reinvestment Period, that have not been reinvested as provided above prior to the end of the Due Period in which such proceeds were received shall be paid into the Principal Account and disbursed in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments on the following Payment Date (subject as provided at the end of this paragraph), save that the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may in its discretion procure that such proceeds are paid into the Principal Account and designated for reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations, in which case such Principal Proceeds shall not be so disbursed in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments for so long as they remain so designated for reinvestment but no longer than the later of (A) 45 calendar days following their receipt by the Issuer and (B) the end of the following Due Period; provided that, in each case where any of the applicable Reinvestment Criteria are not satisfied as of the Payment Date next following receipt of such Sale Proceeds or Unscheduled Principal Proceeds, all such funds shall be paid into the Principal Account and disbursed in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments and such funds shall be applied only in redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
Reinvestment of Collateral Obligations During, and Following the Expiry of, the Reinvestment Period

Notwithstanding anything else in the Conditions or the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement to the contrary, it is a condition to any purchase of a Substitute Collateral Obligation that, if the balance standing to the credit of the Principal Account after giving effect to (i) all expected debits and credits in connection with such purchase and all other sales and purchases (as applicable) previously or simultaneously committed to, and
(ii) without duplication of amounts in the preceding clause (i), anticipated receipts of Principal Proceeds, is a negative amount, the absolute value of such amount may not be greater than 5.0 per cent. of the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount as of the Measurement Date immediately preceding the trade date for such purchase.
Unsaleable Assets

Notwithstanding the other requirements set forth herein and in the Trust Deed, on any Business Day, the Collateral Manager, acting in a commercially reasonable manner, may conduct an auction on behalf of the Issuer of Unsaleable Assets in accordance with the procedures described in this paragraph provided that no such auction shall take place unless a redemption of the Notes in full in accordance with the Conditions is contemplated or scheduled to occur within three months of such auction. Promptly after receipt of written notice from the Collateral Manager of such auction, the Principal Paying Agent will provide notice (in such form as is prepared by the Collateral Manager) to the Noteholders of an auction, setting forth in reasonable detail a description of each Unsaleable Asset and the following auction procedures: (i) any Noteholder may submit a written bid to purchase for cash one or more Unsaleable Assets no later than the date specified in the auction notice (which will be at least 15 Business Days after the date of such notice) and, for any Unsaleable Asset for which one or more bids are received, the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer will deliver such Unsaleable Asset to the highest bidder against payment in cash of the bid price; (ii) each bid must include an offer to purchase for a specified amount of cash on a proposed settlement date no later than 20 Business Days after the date of the auction notice; (iii) if no Noteholder submits such a bid within the time period specified under paragraph (i) above, unless the Collateral Manager determines that delivery in kind is not legally permissible or commercially practicable and provides written notice thereof to the Principal Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent will provide notice (in a form to be prepared by the Collateral Manager) thereof to each Noteholder (in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices)) and the Collateral Manager shall offer to deliver (at such Noteholder’s expense) a pro rata portion (as determined by the Collateral Manager) of each unsold Unsaleable Asset to the Noteholders or beneficial owners of the most senior Class of Notes that provide delivery instructions in writing to the Collateral Administrator on or before the date specified in such notice, subject to minimum denominations; provided that, to the extent that minimum denominations do not permit a pro rata distribution, the Collateral Administrator will distribute the Unsaleable Assets on a pro rata basis to the extent possible and the Collateral Manager will select by lottery the Noteholder or beneficial owner to whom the remaining amount will be delivered and deliver written notice thereof to the Collateral Administrator; provided, further, that the Collateral Administrator will use commercially reasonable efforts to effect delivery of such interests; and (iv) if no such Noteholder or beneficial owner provides delivery instructions to the Collateral Administrator, the Collateral Administrator will promptly notify the Collateral Manager and offer to deliver (at the cost of the Collateral Manager) the Unsaleable Asset to the Collateral Manager. If the Collateral Manager declines such offer, the Collateral Administrator will take such action as directed by the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) in writing to dispose of the Unsaleable Asset, which may be by donation to a charity, abandonment or other means.
For the avoidance of doubt, any sale or delivery or other transfer or disposal of an Unsaleable Asset in the circumstances contemplated in this paragraph shall not affect the Principal Amount Outstanding of any Notes.
Notwithstanding any of the requirements as described above for sales of Collateral Obligations or the reinvestment of Collateral Obligations, the Issuer shall have the right to effect the sale or purchase of any Collateral Obligation (provided that such sale or purchase complies with the Tax Guidelines) (x) that has been consented to by the Controlling Class acting by Ordinary Resolution and (y) of which each Rating Agency and the Trustee has been notified.
“Unsaleable Assets” means (a)(i) a Defaulted Obligation, (ii) an Exchanged Security or (iii) an obligation received in connection with an Offer, in a restructuring or plan of reorganisation with respect to the obligor, in each case, in respect of which the Issuer has not received a payment in cash during the preceding 12 months or
(b) any Collateral Obligation or Eligible Investment identified in an officer’s certificate of the Collateral Manager as having a Market Value multiplied by its Principal Balance of less than Euro 1,000, in the case of each of (a) and (b) with respect to which the Collateral Manager certifies to the Trustee that (x) it has made commercially reasonable endeavours to dispose of such obligation for at least 90 days and (y) in its commercially reasonable judgment such obligation is not expected to be saleable in the foreseeable future.
Loss Mitigation Loans

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf may purchase a Loss Mitigation Loan at any time on and after the Issue Date from the Interest Account, Principal Account or Supplemental Reserve Account, to the extent permitted pursuant to Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts) and provided that;
such Loss Mitigation Loan will not be required to satisfy any of the Eligibility Criteria;
the purchase of such Loss Mitigation Loan will not be required to satisfy the Reinvestment Criteria;
the aggregate outstanding principal balance (or where an asset is not a debt obligation, the nominal value of such asset as determined by the Collateral Manager, acting reasonably) of Loss Mitigation Loans then owned by the Issuer after giving effect to such purchase shall not exceed 2.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount (provided that from and including the date falling one calendar year from the Issue Date, such percentage limitation shall increase by an additional 0.25 per cent. every three months);
the aggregate outstanding principal balance of Extended Loss Mitigation Loans then owned by the Issuer after giving effect to such purchase shall not exceed 2.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount (such a limitation to be aggregated with (and not in addition to) the limitation on Loss Mitigation Loans in sub- paragraph (c) above);
Extended Loss Mitigation Loans may only be purchased from the Interest Account or Supplemental Reserve Account, in each case as permitted pursuant to Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts);
the cumulative aggregate outstanding principal balance (or where an asset is not a debt obligation, the nominal value of such asset as determined by the Collateral Manager, acting reasonably) of all Loss Mitigation Loans acquired by the Issuer on or after the Issue Date with Principal Proceeds (whether or not such Loss Mitigation Loans are still held by the Issuer) shall not exceed 3.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount; and
the cumulative aggregate outstanding principal balance (or where an asset is not a debt obligation, the nominal value of such asset as determined by the Collateral Manager, acting reasonably) of all Loss Mitigation Loans acquired by the Issuer on or after the Issue Date with Principal Proceeds and/or Interest Proceeds (whether or not such Loss Mitigation Loans are still held by the Issuer) shall not exceed 10.0 per cent. of the Target Par Amount.
No minimum purchase price shall apply to the purchase of any Loss Mitigation Loan.
Other than Extended Loss Mitigation Loans, which cannot become Collateral Obligations, on any Business Day as of which such Loss Mitigation Loan satisfies all of the Eligibility Criteria, the Collateral Manager may designate (by written notice to the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator) such Loss Mitigation Loan as a “Collateral Obligation”. Following such designation, the relevant obligation shall cease to be a “Loss Mitigation Loan” and shall instead be, and be treated for all purposes as, a “Collateral Obligation”.
Collateral Obligations which are to constitute Loss Mitigation Loans in respect of which the Issuer or the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, has entered into a binding commitment to purchase but which have not yet settled shall be included as Loss Mitigation Loans in the calculation of the Par Value Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test (to the extent applicable) at any time as if such purchase had been completed and Loss Mitigation Loans in respect of which the Issuer or the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, has entered into a binding commitment to sell, but in respect of which such sale has not yet settled, shall be excluded from being Loss Mitigation Loans in the calculation of the Par Value Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test (to the extent applicable) at any time as if such sale had been completed.
Amendments to Collateral Obligations

The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on the Issuer’s behalf) may vote in favour of a Maturity Amendment only if, either (i) such Maturity Amendment is being made in connection with the restructuring of a Defaulted Obligation, or (ii) after giving effect to such Maturity Amendment (a) the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity of the Collateral Obligation that is the subject of such Maturity Amendment is not later than the Maturity Date of the Rated Notes and (b) the Weighted Average Life Test is satisfied, maintained or improved; provided that paragraph (b) shall not apply and the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may, but shall not be required to, vote in favour of a Maturity Amendment, notwithstanding the requirements of paragraph (b) not being satisfied if, in the reasonable judgement of the Collateral Manager, voting in favour of such Maturity Amendment would not be likely to have an adverse effect on the Issuer or the Noteholders (it being agreed that
the foregoing proviso shall not apply if the Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations that have previously been the subject of a Maturity Amendment and to which this proviso has been applied by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager in voting in favour of such Maturity Amendment, exceeds 10 per cent. of the Target Par Amount).
If the Issuer or the Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) has not voted in favour of a Maturity Amendment which would contravene the requirements of this paragraph but by way of scheme of arrangement or otherwise, the Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity has been extended, the Issuer or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf may but shall not be required to sell such Collateral Obligation provided that in any event the Collateral Manager shall dispose of such Collateral Obligation prior to the Maturity Date. Such proceeds shall constitute Sale Proceeds and may be reinvested in accordance with and subject to the Reinvestment Criteria.
Expiry of the Reinvestment Criteria Certification

Immediately preceding the end of the Reinvestment Period, the Collateral Manager will deliver to the Trustee and the Collateral Administrator a schedule of Collateral Obligations purchased by the Issuer with respect to which purchases the trade date has occurred but the settlement date has not yet occurred and will certify to the Trustee that sufficient Principal Proceeds are available (including, for this purpose, cash on deposit in the Principal Account, any scheduled distributions of Principal Proceeds, as well as any Principal Proceeds that will be received by the Issuer from the sale of Collateral Obligations for which the trade date has already occurred but the settlement date has not yet occurred) to effect the settlement of such Collateral Obligations.
Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test

During the Reinvestment Period, if, on any Payment Date during such period after giving effect to the payment of all amounts payable in respect of paragraphs (A) through (V) (inclusive) of the Interest Priority of Payments, the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test has not been satisfied, then on the related Payment Date, Interest Proceeds in an amount (such amount, the “Required Diversion Amount”) equal to the lesser of (1) 50 per cent. of all remaining Interest Proceeds available for payment pursuant to paragraph (W) of the Interest Priority of Payments and (2) the amount which, after giving effect to the payment of all amounts payable in respect of paragraphs (A) through (V) (inclusive) of the Interest Priority of Payments would be sufficient to cause the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test to be satisfied shall be paid, at the discretion of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) (i) into the Principal Account for the acquisition of additional Collateral Obligations; or (ii) in redemption of the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence.
Designation for Reinvestment

After the expiry of the Reinvestment Period, the Collateral Manager shall, one Business Day following each Determination Date, notify the Issuer and the Collateral Administrator in writing of all Principal Proceeds which the Collateral Manager determines in its discretion (acting on behalf of the Issuer, and subject to the terms of Collateral Management and Administration Agreement as described above) shall remain designated for reinvestment in accordance with the Reinvestment Criteria, on or after the following Payment Date in which event such Principal Proceeds shall not constitute Principal Proceeds which are to be paid into the Payment Account and disbursed on such Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payment.
The Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may direct that the proceeds of sale of any Collateral Obligation which represents accrued interest be designated as Interest Proceeds and paid into the Interest Account save for: (i) Purchased Accrued Interest; (ii) any interest received in respect of any Mezzanine Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine Obligation other than Defaulted Mezzanine Excess Amounts; and
(iii) any interest received in respect of a Defaulted Obligation for so long as it is a Defaulted Obligation other than Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts.
Accrued Interest

Amounts included in the purchase price of any Collateral Obligation comprising accrued interest thereon may be paid from the Interest Account, the Principal Account or the Unused Proceeds Account at the discretion of the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) but subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and Condition 3(l) (Payments to and from the Accounts). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, in any Due Period, all payments of interest and proceeds of sale received during such Due Period in relation to any Collateral Obligation, in each case, to the extent that such amounts represent accrued and/or capitalised interest in respect of such Collateral Obligation (including, in respect of a Mezzanine Obligation, any accrued interest which, as at the time of purchase, had been capitalised and added to the principal amount of such Mezzanine Obligation in accordance with its terms), which was purchased at the time of acquisition thereof with Principal Proceeds and/or principal amounts from the Unused Proceeds Account shall constitute “Purchased Accrued Interest” and shall be deposited into the Principal Account as Principal Proceeds.
Block Trades

The requirements described herein with respect to the Portfolio shall be deemed to be satisfied upon any sale and/or purchase of Collateral Obligations on any day in the event that such Collateral Obligations satisfy such requirements in aggregate rather than on an individual basis.
For the purpose of calculating compliance with the Reinvestment Criteria at the election of the Collateral Manager acting in its sole discretion, any proposed investment (whether a single Collateral Obligation or a group of Collateral Obligations) identified by the Collateral Manager as such at the time when compliance with the Reinvestment Criteria is required to be calculated (a “Trading Plan”) may be evaluated after giving effect to all sales and reinvestments proposed to be entered into within the 15 Business Days following the date of determination of such compliance (such period, the “Trading Plan Period”); provided that: (i) no Trading Plan may result in the purchase of Collateral Obligations having an Aggregate Principal Balance that exceeds 5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation being the lower of its S&P Collateral Value and its Moody’s Collateral Value for the purposes of determining the Collateral Principal Amount) as of the first day of the Trading Plan Period; (ii) no Trading Plan Period may include a Determination Date; (iii) no more than one Trading Plan may be in effect at any time during a Trading Plan Period; (iv) no Trading Plan may be entered into following the expiry of the Reinvestment Period if: (a) any of the Collateral Obligations which form part of such Trading Plan have a Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity shorter than 6 months; and (b) the differential between the shortest and the longest Collateral Obligation Stated Maturities of the related Collateral Obligations forming part of such Trading Plan exceeds 3 years; and (v) notification is provided to S&P upon failure of a Trading Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, when calculating compliance with the Reinvestment Criteria, where a particular criterion in the Reinvestment Criteria only applies to one or some, but not all, of the Collateral Obligations in a Trading Plan, (a) that criterion shall apply to the relevant Collateral Obligation(s) only, (b) only those Collateral Obligations shall, together with all other Collateral Obligations in the Portfolio, be aggregated for the purpose of calculating compliance with that criterion and (c) the other Collateral Obligations in the Trading Plan shall not be taken into consideration for the purpose of calculating compliance with that criterion.
Eligible Investments

The Issuer or the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may from time to time purchase Eligible Investments out of the Balances standing to the credit of the Accounts (other than the Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account(s), the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account and the Payment Account). For the avoidance of doubt, Eligible Investments may be sold by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) at any time.
Collateral Enhancement Obligations

The Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) may (i) from time to time, purchase Collateral Enhancement Obligations independently or as part of a unit with the Collateral Obligations being so purchased and (ii) in its sole discretion reclassify as a Collateral Enhancement Obligation (A) any Non-Eligible Issue Date Collateral Obligation (as reclassified by the Collateral Manager hereunder, “Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligation”) provided the aggregate Reclassification Price in respect thereof is no greater than €10,000,000) or
(B) any assets held by the Issuer that do not satisfy the Eligibility Criteria after the Issue Date (whether on the date they were required to do so or thereafter) or that do not satisfy the Restructured Obligation Criteria at the Restructuring Date (if applicable) (as reclassified by the Collateral Manager hereunder, “Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations” and together with any Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations, “Ineligible Portfolio Obligations”), provided that any such assets may only be reclassified if an amount representing the market value thereof (or, in the sole discretion of the Collateral Manager, any greater amount) as at the relevant
date of such reclassification (such date, the “Reclassification Date” and such amount the “Reclassification Price”) is, on the Reclassification Date, either:
in respect of any Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations, credited to the Unused Proceeds Account as a Collateral Manager Advance to be made on the Issue Date by the Collateral Manager to be applied towards such reclassification; or
in respect of any Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligations, credited to the Principal Account out of the Balance standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account at the relevant time, or from the proceeds of a Collateral Manager Advance or as a permitted use of certain other proceeds specified to be used to acquire Collateral Enhancement Obligations.
Any transfer of a Reclassification Price and the related reclassification of a Collateral Obligation as a Collateral Enhancement Obligation shall be deemed to be the acquisition of a Collateral Enhancement Obligation and the sale of the relevant Collateral Obligation, in each case in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. Any such reclassification so deemed to be a sale of the relevant Collateral Obligation shall therefore only be permissible if such reclassification satisfies the relevant criteria and terms in respect of the sale of any Collateral Obligation in accordance with and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement..
All funds required in respect of the purchase price of any Collateral Enhancement Obligations, and all funds required in respect of the exercise price of any rights or options thereunder, may only be paid out of the balance standing to the credit of the Supplemental Reserve Account at the relevant time or by means of a Collateral Manager Advance. Pursuant to Condition 3(l)(vi) (Supplemental Reserve Account), such Balance shall be comprised of all sums deposited therein from time to time which will comprise amounts which the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer determines shall be paid into the Supplemental Reserve Account pursuant to the Priorities of Payment rather than being paid to the Subordinated Noteholders and such Collateral Manager Advances as the Collateral Manager makes in its discretion.
Collateral Enhancement Obligations may be sold at any time and all Collateral Enhancement Obligation Proceeds received by the Issuer shall be deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account for allocation in accordance with the Principal Priority of Payments.
Collateral Enhancement Obligations and any income or return generated thereby are not taken into account for the purposes of determining satisfaction of, or required to satisfy, any of the Coverage Tests, Portfolio Profile Tests, Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test or Collateral Quality Tests.
Exercise of Warrants and Options

The Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer may at any time exercise a warrant or option attached to a Collateral Obligation or comprised in a Collateral Enhancement Obligation and shall on behalf of the Issuer instruct the Account Bank to make any necessary payment pursuant to a duly completed form of instruction.
Margin Stock

The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement requires that the Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, shall use reasonable endeavours to sell any Collateral Obligation, Exchanged Security or Collateral Enhancement Obligation which is or at any time becomes Margin Stock as soon as practicable following such event.
“Margin Stock” means margin stock as defined under Regulation U issued by the Federal Reserve Board, including any debt security which is by its terms convertible into Margin Stock.
Non-Euro Obligations

The Collateral Manager shall be authorised to purchase, on behalf of the Issuer, Non-Euro Obligations from time to time provided that any such Non-Euro Obligation shall only constitute a Collateral Obligation that satisfies paragraph (b) of the Eligibility Criteria if either (i) for any Non-Euro Obligation denominated in a Qualifying
Unhedged Obligation Currency within 180 calendar days of the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation; or otherwise (ii) not later than the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, the Collateral Manager procures entry by the Issuer into a Currency Hedge Transaction pursuant to which the currency risk arising from receipt of cash flows from such Non-Euro Obligations, including interest and principal payments, is hedged through the swapping of such cash flows for Euro payments to be made by a Currency Hedge Counterparty. The Portfolio Profile Tests provide that (x) not more than 20.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may comprise Currency Hedge Obligations; and (y) Unhedged Collateral Obligations and Principal Hedged Obligations in aggregate may not comprise more than 2.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount. The Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) shall be authorised to enter into spot exchange transactions, as necessary, to fund the Issuer’s payment obligations under any Currency Hedge Transaction. Rating Agency Confirmation shall be required in relation to entry into each Currency Hedge Transaction unless such Currency Hedge Transaction is a Form Approved Hedge. See the “Hedging Arrangements” section of this Offering Circular.
Revolving Obligations and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations

The Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer may acquire Collateral Obligations which are Revolving Obligations or Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations from time to time.
Such Revolving Obligations and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations may only be acquired if they are capable of being drawn in a single currency only (being Euro) and are not payable in or convertible into another currency.
Each Revolving Obligation and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation will, pursuant to its terms, require the Issuer to make one or more future advances or other extensions of credit (including extensions of credit made on an unfunded basis pursuant to which the Issuer may be required to reimburse the provider of a guarantee or other ancillary facilities made available to the obligor thereof in the event of any default by the obligor thereof in respect of its reimbursement obligations in connection therewith). Such Revolving Obligations and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations may or may not provide that they may be repaid and reborrowed from time to time by the Obligor thereunder. Upon acquisition of any Revolving Obligations and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations, the Issuer shall deposit into the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account amounts equal to the combined aggregate principal amounts of the Unfunded Amounts under each of the Revolving Obligations and Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations. To the extent required, the Issuer, or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf, may direct that amounts standing to the credit of the Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account be deposited with a third party from time to time as collateral for any reimbursement or indemnification obligations owed by the Issuer to any other lender in connection with a Revolving Obligation or a Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, as applicable and upon receipt by the Collateral Administrator of an Issuer Order (as defined in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement) the security granted thereover shall be deemed to be released pursuant to the Trust Deed.
Participations

The Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer may from time to time acquire Collateral Obligations from selling institutions (“Selling Institutions”) by way of Participation provided that at the time such Participation is taken:
the percentage of the Collateral Principal Amount that represents Participations entered into by the Issuer with a single Selling Institution will not exceed the percentages set forth in the Bivariate Risk Table determined by reference to the credit rating of such third party (or any guarantor thereof); and
the percentage of the Collateral Principal Amount that represents Participations entered into by the Issuer with Selling Institutions (or any guarantor thereof), each having the same credit rating (taking the lowest rating assigned thereto by any Rating Agency), will not exceed the aggregate third party credit exposure limit set forth in the Bivariate Risk Table for such credit rating,
and, for the purpose of determining the foregoing, account shall be taken of each sub participation from which the Issuer, directly or indirectly, derives its interest in the relevant Collateral Obligation.
Each Participation entered into pursuant to a sub-participation agreement shall be substantially in the form of:
the LSTA Model Participation Agreement for par/near par trades (as published by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association Inc. from time to time);
the LMA Funded Participation (Par) (as published by the Loan Market Association from time to time); or
such other documentation provided such agreement contains limited recourse and non-petition language substantially the same as that set out in the Trust Deed.
Assignments

The Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer may from time to time acquire Collateral Obligations from Selling Institutions by way of Assignment provided that at the time such Assignment is acquired the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer shall have complied, to the extent within their control, with any requirements relating to such Assignment set out in the relevant loan documentation for such Collateral Obligation (including, without limitation, with respect to the form of such Assignment and obtaining the consent of any person specified in the relevant loan documentation).
“Assignment” means an interest in a loan acquired directly by way of novation or assignment.
Bivariate Risk Table

The following is the bivariate risk table (the “Bivariate Risk Table”) and as referred to in “Portfolio Profile Tests” below and “Participations” above. For the purposes of the limits specified in the Bivariate Risk Table, the individual third party credit exposure limit shall be determined by reference to the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Participations (excluding any Defaulted Obligations) entered into by the Issuer with the same counterparty (such amount in respect of such entity, the “Third Party Exposure”) and the applicable percentage limits shall be determined by reference to the lower of the Moody’s or S&P ratings applicable to such counterparty and the aggregate third party credit exposure limit shall be determined by reference to the aggregate of Third Party Exposure of all such counterparties which share the same rating level or have a lower rating level, as indicated in the Bivariate Risk Table.

Bivariate Risk Table


S&P Issuer Credit Rating of Selling Institution


Individual Third Party Credit Exposure Limit*



Aggregate Third Party Credit Exposure Limit*

AAA


10%



10%

AA+


10%



10%

AA


10%



10%

AA-


10%



10%

A+


5%



5%

A


5%



5%

A- or below


0%



0%

Moody’s Long-Term/Short Term Senior Unsecured Debt Rating of


Individual Third Party Credit



Aggregate Third Party Credit

Selling Institution


Exposure Limit*



Exposure Limit*

Aaa


20%



20%

Aa1


10%



20%

Aa2


10%



20%

Aa3


10%



15%

A1


5%



10%

A2 and P-1


5%



5%



Moody’s Long-Term/Short Term Senior Unsecured Debt Rating of Selling Institution
‎
Individual Third Party Credit Exposure Limit*
‎
Aggregate Third Party Credit Exposure Limit*
A2 (without a Moody’s short-term rating of at least P-1) or below
‎
0% 0%
* As a percentage of the Collateral Principal Amount (excluding any Defaulted Obligations) the aggregate third party credit exposure limit shall be determined
by reference to the aggregate of the third party credit exposure of all such counterparties which share the same rating level or have a lower rating level, as indicated in the Bivariate Risk Table.
Portfolio Profile Tests and Collateral Quality Tests

Measurement of Tests

The Portfolio Profile Tests and the Collateral Quality Tests will be used as criteria for purchasing Collateral Obligations. The Collateral Administrator will measure the Portfolio Profile Tests and the Collateral Quality Tests on each Measurement Date (save as otherwise provided herein).
Substitute Collateral Obligations in respect of which a binding commitment has been made to purchase such Substitute Collateral Obligations but such purchase has not been settled shall nonetheless be deemed to have been purchased for the purposes of the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Collateral Quality Tests, the Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test and all other tests and criteria applicable to the Portfolio. Collateral Obligations in respect of which a binding commitment has been made to sell such Collateral Obligations, but such sale has not been settled, shall be deemed to have been sold for the purposes of the Portfolio Profile Tests, the Collateral Quality Tests, the Coverage Tests and the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test and all other tests and criteria applicable to the Portfolio. See “Reinvestment of Collateral Obligations” above.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the failure of the Portfolio to meet the requirements of the Portfolio Profile Tests or the Collateral Quality Tests at any time shall not prevent any obligation which would otherwise be a Collateral Obligation from being a Collateral Obligation.
Portfolio Profile Tests

The Portfolio Profile Tests will consist of each of the following:
not less than 92.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Secured Senior Obligations (which term, for the purposes of this paragraph (a), shall comprise the aggregate of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Secured Senior Obligations and the Balances standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account and including the principal amount of any Eligible Investments purchased with such Balance but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on Eligible Investments, in each case as at the relevant Measurement Date);
not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Unsecured Senior Obligations, Second Lien Loans, Mezzanine Obligations and High Yield Bonds in aggregate;
not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Second Lien Loans and Mezzanine Obligations in aggregate;
not less than 70.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Secured Senior Loans (which term, for the purposes of this paragraph (c), shall comprise the aggregate of the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Secured Senior Loans and the Balances standing to the credit of the Principal Account and the Unused Proceeds Account and including the principal amount of any Eligible Investments purchased with such Balance but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any interest accrued on Eligible Investments, in each case as at the relevant Measurement Date);
not more than 2.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall be the obligations of any one Obligor, provided that the obligations of three Obligors may represent up to 3.0 per cent. each;
in the case of Collateral Obligations which are not Secured Senior Obligations, not more than 1.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall be the obligations of any one Obligor;
not more than 20.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Currency Hedge Obligations;
not more than 2.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Principal Hedged Obligations and Unhedged Collateral Obligations;
not more than 25.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Cov-Lite Loans; not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Participations;
not more than 2.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Current Pay Obligations;
not more than 10.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Revolving Obligations or Unfunded Amounts under Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations;
not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are S&P CCC Obligations;
not more than 7.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Moody’s Caa Obligations;
not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Bridge Loans;
not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Corporate Rescue Loans; not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are PIK
Obligations;
not more than 10.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations;
not more than 10.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations with a Moody’s Rating which is derived from an S&P Rating; and
not more than 12.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations comprising any one S&P Industry Classification, provided that any four S&P Industry Classifications may each comprise up to 15.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount and any one S&P Industry Classification may comprise up to 17.5 per cent.;
not more than 10.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Obligors who are Domiciled in countries or jurisdictions with a Moody’s local currency risk ceiling below “Aa3” unless Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s is obtained;
not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Obligors who are Domiciled in countries or jurisdictions with a Moody’s local currency risk ceiling below “A3” unless Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s is obtained;
not more than 0.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Obligors who are Domiciled in countries or jurisdictions with a Moody’s local currency risk ceiling below “Baa3” unless Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s is obtained;
the limits set forth in the Bivariate Risk Table determined by reference to the ratings of Selling Institutions shall be satisfied;
not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Collateral Obligations where the total potential indebtedness (comprising all financial debt owing by such Obligor, including the maximum available amount or total commitment under any revolving or delayed draw loans) of such
Obligor under all of its loan agreements and other Underlying Instruments is greater than or equal to
€150,000,000 and less than €250,000,000;
not more than 2.5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Distressed Exchange Obligations;
no more than 20.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount may consist of loans originated by the Collateral Manager or an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager, provided that (i) loans that are syndicated to an initial lender group of greater than five and (ii) senior tranches of loans not originated by the Collateral Manager where mezzanine tranches of the loans were originated by the Collateral Manager shall in either case not be counted as originated by the Collateral Manager;
not more than 25.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Discount Obligations;
not more than 15.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are either Credit Estimate Obligations or Collateral Obligations in respect of which at the time of acquisition the S&P Rating and Moody’s Rating was based on a private rating;
not more than 10.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of Obligors who are Domiciled in countries or jurisdictions with an S&P rating below “A-” by S&P unless Rating Agency Confirmation from S&P is obtained; and
not more than 5.0 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount shall consist of obligations which are Annual Obligations.
“Annual Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation (other than a PIK Obligation) which, in accordance with its terms, at the relevant date of measurement, pays interest less frequently than semi-annually.
“Bridge Loan” shall mean any Collateral Obligation that: (i) is incurred in connection with a merger, acquisition, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the assets of a person, restructuring or similar transaction; (ii) by its terms, is required to be repaid within one year of the incurrence thereof with proceeds from additional borrowings or other refinancings (provided, however, that any additional borrowing or refinancing having a term of more than one year may be included as a Bridge Loan if one or more financial institutions shall have provided the Obligor with a binding written commitment to provide the same); and (iii) prior to its purchase by the Issuer, has a S&P Rating and a Moody’s Rating or, if the Bridge Loan is not rated by S&P and Moody’s, Rating Agency Confirmation has been obtained.
“Credit Estimate Obligation” means any Collateral Obligation in respect of which at the time of acquisition the S&P Rating and Moody’s Rating is based on a confidential credit estimate rather than a public or private rating from the relevant Rating Agency.
“S&P Industry Classification” means an industry classification group set out in the table below or as otherwise modified, amended or replaced by S&P from time to time:
Asset Type Code

Description

1020000

Energy Equipment and Services

1030000

Oil, Gas and Consumable Fuels

1033403

Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

2020000

Chemicals

2030000

Construction Materials

2040000

Containers and Packaging

2050000

Metals and Mining

2060000

Paper and Forest Products

3020000

Aerospace and Defense

3030000

Building Products



Asset Type Code

Description

3040000

Construction and Engineering

3050000

Electrical Equipment

3060000

Industrial Conglomerates

3070000

Machinery

3080000

Trading Companies and Distributors

3110000

Commercial Services and Supplies

3210000

Air Freight and Logistics

3220000

Airlines

3230000

Marine

3240000

Road and Rail

3250000

Transportation Infrastructure

4011000

Auto Components

4020000

Automobiles

4110000

Household Durables

4120000

Leisure Products

4130000

Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods

4210000

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure

4300001

Entertainment

4300002

Interactive Media and Services

4310000

Media

4410000

Distributors

4420000

Internet and Catalog Retail

4430000

Multiline Retail

4440000

Specialty Retail

5020000

Food and Staples Retailing

5110000

Beverages

5120000

Food Products

5130000

Tobacco

5210000

Household Products

5220000

Personal Products

6020000

Healthcare Equipment and Supplies

6030000

Healthcare Providers and Services

6110000

Biotechnology

6120000

Pharmaceuticals

7011000

Banks

7020000

Thrifts and Mortgage Finance

7110000

Diversified Financial Services

7120000

Consumer Finance

7130000

Capital Markets

7210000

Insurance

7310000

Real Estate Management and Development

7311000

Real Estate Investment Trusts (REITs)

8020000

Internet Software and Services

8030000

IT Services

8040000

Software

8110000

Communications Equipment

8120000

Technology Hardware, Storage and Peripherals

8130000

Electronic Equipment, Instruments and Components

8210000

Semiconductors and Semiconductor Equipment

9020000

Diversified Telecommunication Services



Asset Type Code

Description

9030000

Wireless Telecommunication Services

9520000

Electric Utilities

9530000

Gas Utilities

9540000

Multi-Utilities

9550000

Water Utilities

9551701

Diversified Consumer Services

9551702

Independent Power and Renewable Electricity Producers

9551727

Life Sciences Tools and Services

9551729

Health Care Technology

9612010

Professional Services

1000-1099

Reserved



The percentage requirements applicable to different types of Collateral Obligations specified in the Portfolio Profile Tests shall be determined by reference to the Aggregate Principal Balance of such type of Collateral Obligations excluding Defaulted Obligations, as a proportion of the Collateral Principal Amount. The Collateral Principal Amount for the purposes of each Portfolio Profile Test shall be calculated in accordance with the definition thereof. For the purposes of sub-paragraph (r) above, any Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation which is subject to an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction which swaps the fixed rate on such Collateral Obligation for a floating rate shall not be considered a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation for the purposes of such test.
Further, for the purposes of calculating compliance with the Portfolio Profile Tests:
in the case of sub-paragraphs (b) and (c) and sub-paragraphs (e) to (ee) (inclusive) thereof, each relevant percentage shall be rounded down to the nearest 0.1 per cent.; and
in the case of sub-paragraphs (a) and (d) thereof, the relevant percentage shall be rounded up to the nearest 0.1 per cent.
Collateral Quality Tests

The Collateral Quality Tests will consist of each of the following:
so long as any of the Rated Notes rated by S&P are Outstanding (as of the Effective Date and until the expiry of the Reinvestment Period only), the S&P CDO Monitor Test;
so long as any of the Rated Notes rated by Moody’s are Outstanding:
(i) the Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test;
(ii) the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test;
(iii) the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Recovery Rate Test;
(iv) the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test; and
so long as any Rated Notes are Outstanding, the Weighted Average Life Test, each as defined in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
Moody’s Test Matrix

Subject to the provisions provided below, on or after the Effective Date, the Collateral Manager will have the option to elect which of the cases set forth in the matrix set out below (the “Moody’s Test Matrix”) shall be applicable for purposes of the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test, the Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test and the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test. For any given case:
the applicable column for performing the Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test will be the column (or linear interpolation between two adjacent columns, as applicable) in which the elected case is set out;
the applicable row and column for performing the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test will be the row and column (or linear interpolation between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) in which the elected case is set out; and
the applicable row for performing the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test will be the row (or linear interpolation between two adjacent rows, as applicable) in which the elected test is set out.
On the Effective Date, the Collateral Manager will be required to elect which case shall apply initially. Thereafter, upon notice to the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator and Moody’s, the Collateral Manager may elect to have a different case apply, provided that the Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test, the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test, the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Recovery Rate Test and the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test applicable to the case to which the Collateral Manager desires to change are satisfied or, in the case of any tests that are not satisfied, are closer to being satisfied. In no event will the Collateral Manager be required to elect to have a different case apply. The Moody’s Test Matrix may be amended and/or supplemented and/or replaced by the Collateral Manager subject to Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s.
Moody’s Test Matrix



Minimum WAS


Minimum Diversity Score


30


32


34


36


38


40


42


44


46


48


50


52


54


56


58


60


62


64


66


68


70


2.40%


1916


1918


1933


1954


1955


1970


1979


1985


2000


2001


2012


2019


2024


2033


2036


2043


2049


2052


2059


2063


2066


2.50%


1998


2019


2039


2045


2063


2066


2078


2090


2095


2109


2113


2119


2128


2131


2142


2143


2154


2155


2161


2167


2169


2.60%


2099


2129


2130


2153


2156


2168


2181


2188


2202


2205


2218


2221


2231


2236


2243


2250


2254


2263


2265


2272


2275


2.70%


2210


2213


2234


2245


2257


2270


2279


2291


2298


2309


2315


2325


2330


2339


2345


2351


2358


2363


2368


2373


2378


2.80%


2301


2313


2332


2342


2358


2366


2380


2388


2398


2408


2416


2425


2431


2440


2446


2452


2459


2463


2470


2474


2480


2.90%


2396


2410


2429


2440


2454


2465


2478


2487


2498


2506


2515


2524


2532


2539


2546


2551


2560


2564


2571


2575


2581


3.00%


2488


2508


2521


2538


2551


2563


2574


2587


2595


2605


2615


2620


2632


2635


2645


2649


2657


2661


2669


2673


2679


3.10%


2583


2601


2620


2631


2647


2658


2671


2680


2692


2701


2707


2720


2722


2734


2739


2747


2754


2760


2766


2772


2776


3.20%


2651


2696


2710


2730


2740


2755


2766


2779


2788


2798


2809


2815


2824


2832


2839


2846


2852


2859


2864


2871


2876


3.30%


2682


2724


2770


2817


2840


2848


2864


2875


2888


2895


2905


2915


2920


2931


2938


2943


2951


2958


2963


2969


2975


3.40%


2711


2757


2809


2844


2881


2924


2949


2972


2985


2995


3002


3013


3020


3029


3038


3042


3051


3056


3062


3070


3073


3.50%


2737


2788


2838


2873


2915


2950


2979


3016


3039


3064


3092


3103


3112


3123


3130


3137


3145


3151


3157


3163


3169


3.60%


2765


2821


2863


2902


2948


2977


3010


3043


3067


3098


3120


3142


3164


3178


3189


3199


3208


3218


3227


3236


3244


3.70%


2794


2852


2890


2933


2973


3004


3043


3069


3097


3128


3148


3174


3196


3215


3232


3245


3255


3264


3273


3280


3287


3.80%


2824


2877


2917


2966


2999


3034


3071


3096


3129


3154


3178


3204


3222


3244


3264


3281


3295


3305


3314


3323


3332


3.90%


2855


2901


2946


2994


3025


3067


3097


3126


3158


3180


3208


3230


3252


3275


3292


3311


3326


3342


3356


3364


3372


4.00%


2885


2928


2978


3018


3054


3096


3122


3157


3183


3211


3238


3257


3281


3301


3321


3341


3355


3373


3384


3398


3411


4.10%


2910


2954


3009


3044


3087


3121


3151


3187


3209


3239


3262


3287


3310


3328


3350


3367


3384


3402


3417


3428


3438


4.20%


2933


2983


3034


3069


3115


3145


3182


3211


3240


3269


3290


3315


3335


3356


3377


3395


3414


3428


3445


3459


3471


4.30%


2959


3014


3059


3099


3142


3172


3210


3236


3267


3292


3318


3343


3363


3385


3403


3422


3440


3456


3473


3488


3503


4.40%


2984


3043


3082


3130


3165


3203


3237


3265


3297


3319


3346


3368


3390


3412


3431


3451


3467


3484


3500


3516


3533


4.50%


3011


3070


3108


3158


3189


3230


3260


3292


3321


3347


3374


3394


3418


3437


3457


3475


3493


3512


3530


3548


3563




Minimum WAS


Minimum Diversity Score


30


32


34


36


38


40


42


44


46


48


50


52


54


56


58


60


62


64


66


68


70


4.60%


3042


3093


3136


3184


3217


3259


3285


3319


3345


3373


3397


3421


3444


3463


3485


3503


3524


3541


3558


3576


3590


4.70%


3068


3116


3165


3205


3246


3281


3314


3346


3372


3401


3423


3448


3468


3489


3510


3531


3551


3569


3588


3604


3621


4.80%


3097


3138


3192


3227


3271


3304


3338


3369


3397


3425


3448


3474


3494


3520


3540


3561


3580


3597


3616


3631


3649


4.90%


3119


3163


3219


3253


3297


3328


3364


3392


3422


3448


3473


3497


3521


3544


3566


3587


3606


3625


3641


3660


3674


5.00%


3139


3191


3238


3280


3320


3355


3390


3417


3450


3472


3501


3523


3550


3570


3594


3613


3632


3651


3667


3686


3699


5.10%


3160


3216


3259


3304


3341


3377


3410


3439


3470


3494


3525


3548


3575


3595


3620


3638


3659


3676


3695


3710


3728


5.20%


3183


3240


3281


3327


3363


3399


3433


3462


3493


3521


3549


3575


3599


3623


3644


3665


3684


3701


3720


3735


3753


5.30%


3205


3267


3304


3354


3387


3427


3456


3492


3518


3553


3574


3606


3624


3652


3668


3693


3709


3730


3745


3763


3777


5.40%


3228


3286


3329


3374


3412


3448


3478


3513


3542


3575


3599


3627


3650


3673


3695


3715


3734


3753


3769


3788


3801


5.50%


3255


3306


3354


3393


3433


3467


3502


3537


3568


3597


3626


3650


3677


3698


3721


3740


3760


3779


3796


3812


3829


5.60%


3280


3325


3376


3413


3457


3491


3531


3562


3598


3623


3655


3676


3703


3723


3746


3765


3785


3801


3821


3834


3855


5.70%


3304


3346


3402


3438


3484


3518


3557


3587


3622


3647


3676


3702


3726


3749


3771


3790


3812


3827


3847


3862


3877


5.80%


3330


3371


3425


3465


3505


3542


3580


3612


3645


3675


3701


3729


3752


3776


3797


3818


3835


3856


3869


3891


3900


5.90%


3350


3399


3444


3486


3528


3568


3605


3641


3671


3704


3727


3756


3777


3801


3820


3843


3859


3882


3895


3913


3929


6.00%


3369


3421


3464


3512


3553


3598


3632


3670


3695


3728


3752


3779


3802


3827


3846


3868


3887


3903


3925


3935


3957



The Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test

The “Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test” will be satisfied as at any Measurement Date from (and including) the Effective Date, if the Diversity Score is more than or equal to the number set forth in the column entitled “Minimum Diversity Score” in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the applicable “row/column” combination chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)).
The “Diversity Score” is a single number that indicates collateral concentration in terms of both issue and industry concentration. A higher Diversity Score reflects a more diverse portfolio in terms of issue and industry concentration. For the purposes of calculating the Diversity Score, Obligors that are considered to be members of the same Affiliated Group (as of the most recent date of inclusion in the Portfolio of any of the relevant Obligors) will be considered to be one Obligor. The Diversity Score is calculated as follows:
“Affiliated Group”: an Obligor is a member of an affiliated group if it is owned by such group, directly or indirectly, by more than 50 per cent;
obligors that are constituted of one or more Affiliated Groups shall be counted as being in the industry that generated the highest turnover as reported in the latest financial statements of the Obligor;
an “Average Principal Balance” is calculated for the Portfolio by adding the Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations and dividing the resulting sum by the number of Obligors;
an “Equivalent Unit Score” is calculated for each Obligor by taking the lesser of (i) one and (ii) the quotient of (A) the aggregated Principal Balance of such Obligor and (B) the Average Principal Balance;
an “Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score” is calculated for each Geographically Based Industry Classification by adding the Equivalent Unit Scores for all Obligors in the same Geographically Based Industry Classification (or such other Geographically Based Industry Classifications and Equivalent Unit Scores as are published by Moody’s from time to time);
“Geographically Based Industry Classification” means those Obligors that have the same Moody’s industry classification and which are incorporated or domiciled in the same Geographic Zone. Industries that are deemed to be “global” receive no increased diversity for geography. While acknowledging that some Obligors may not ‘cleanly’ be categorised, the following sectors are deemed to be “local” in Moody’s opinion:
(i) Environmental Industries;
(ii) Sovereign & Public Finance;
(iii) Utilities: Electric;
(iv) Utilities: Oil & Gas; and
(v) Utilities: Water,
for those groups not listed above, “Geographically Based Industry Classification” means those Obligors which have the same Moody’s industry classification, irrespective of domicile or country of incorporation;
a “Geographic Zone” means each of (a) Region 1, (b) Region 2, (c) Region 3, (d) Region 4 and (e) Other, as shown in the table “Region for Diversity Score” in Annex D (Moody’s Region for Diversity Score) (or such other Geographic Zone as may be published by Moody’s from time to time). Thus a “local” company in Region 1 may be considered as a different industry group to an entity in the same sector but domiciled in Region 2; and
an “Industry Diversity Score” is established by reference to the Diversity Score Table shown below (or such other Diversity Score Table as is published by Moody’s from time to time) (the “Diversity Score Table”) for the related Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score. If the Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score falls between any two such scores shown in the Diversity Score Table, the Industry Diversity Score is the lower of such scores.
The Diversity Score is then calculated by adding the Industry Diversity Scores for each Geographically Based Industry Classification and then rounding the result to the nearest whole number.
Diversity Score Table

Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score



Industry Diversity Score


Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score



Industry Diversity Score


Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score



Industry Diversity Score


Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score



Industry Diversity Score

0.0000


0.0000


5.0500


2.7000


10.1500


4.0200


15.2500


4.5300

0.0500


0.1000


5.1500


2.7333


10.2500


4.0300


15.3500


4.5400

0.1500


0.2000


5.2500


2.7667


10.3500


4.0400


15.4500


4.5500

0.2500


0.3000


5.3500


2.8000


10.4500


4.0500


15.5500


4.5600

0.3500


0.4000


5.4500


2.8333


10.5500


4.0600


15.6500


4.5700

0.4500


0.5000


5.5500


2.8667


10.6500


4.0700


15.7500


4.5800

0.5500


0.6000


5.6500


2.9000


10.7500


4.0800


15.8500


4.5900

0.6500


0.7000


5.7500


2.9333


10.8500


4.0900


15.9500


4.6000

0.7500


0.8000


5.8500


2.9667


10.9500


4.1000


16.0500


4.6100

0.8500


0.9000


5.9500


3.0000


11.0500


4.1100


16.1500


4.6200

0.9500


1.0000


6.0500


3.0250


11.1500


4.1200


16.2500


4.6300

1.0500


1.0500


6.1500


3.0500


11.2500


4.1300


16.3500


4.6400

1.1500


1.1000


6.2500


3.0750


11.3500


4.1400


16.4500


4.6500

1.2500


1.1500


6.3500


3.1000


11.4500


4.1500


16.5500


4.6600

1.3500


1.2000


6.4500


3.1250


11.5500


4.1600


16.6500


4.6700

1.4500


1.2500


6.5500


3.1500


11.6500


4.1700


16.7500


4.6800

1.5500


1.3000


6.6500


3.1750


11.7500


4.1800


16.8500


4.6900

1.6500


1.3500


6.7500


3.2000


11.8500


4.1900


16.9500


4.7000

1.7500


1.4000


6.8500


3.2250


11.9500


4.2000


17.0500


4.7100

1.8500


1.4500


6.9500


3.2500


12.0500


4.2100


17.1500


4.7200

1.9500


1.5000


7.0500


3.2750


12.1500


4.2200


17.2500


4.7300

2.0500


1.5500


7.1500


3.3000


12.2500


4.2300


17.3500


4.7400

2.1500


1.6000


7.2500


3.3250


12.3500


4.2400


17.4500


4.7500

2.2500


1.6500


7.3500


3.3500


12.4500


4.2500


17.5500


4.7600

2.3500


1.7000


7.4500


3.3750


12.5500


4.2600


17.6500


4.7700

2.4500


1.7500


7.5500


3.4000


12.6500


4.2700


17.7500


4.7800

2.5500


1.8000


7.6500


3.4250


12.7500


4.2800


17.8500


4.7900

2.6500


1.8500


7.7500


3.4500


12.8500


4.2900


17.9500


4.8000

2.7500


1.9000


7.8500


3.4750


12.9500


4.3000


18.0500


4.8100

2.8500


1.9500


7.9500


3.5000


13.0500


4.3100


18.1500


4.8200

2.9500


2.0000


8.0500


3.5250


13.1500


4.3200


18.2500


4.8300

3.0500


2.0333


8.1500


3.5500


13.2500


4.3300


18.3500


4.8400

3.1500


2.0667


8.2500


3.5750


13.3500


4.3400


18.4500


4.8500

3.2500


2.1000


8.3500


3.6000


13.4500


4.3500


18.5500


4.8600

3.3500


2.1333


8.4500


3.6250


13.5500


4.3600


18.6500


4.8700

3.4500


2.1667


8.5500


3.6500


13.6500


4.3700


18.7500


4.8800

3.5500


2.2000


8.6500


3.6750


13.7500


4.3800


18.8500


4.8900

3.6500


2.2333


8.7500


3.7000


13.8500


4.3900


18.9500


4.9000

3.7500


2.2667


8.8500


3.7250


13.9500


4.4000


19.0500


4.9100

3.8500


2.3000


8.9500


3.7500


14.0500


4.4100


19.1500


4.9200

3.9500


2.3333


9.0500


3.7750


14.1500


4.4200


19.2500


4.9300

4.0500


2.3667


9.1500


3.8000


14.2500


4.4300


19.3500


4.9400

4.1500


2.4000


9.2500


3.8250


14.3500


4.4400


19.4500


4.9500

4.2500


2.4333


9.3500


3.8500


14.4500


4.4500


19.5500


4.9600

4.3500


2.4667


9.4500


3.8750


14.5500


4.4600


19.6500


4.9700

4.4500


2.5000


9.5500


3.9000


14.6500


4.4700


19.7500


4.9800

4.5500


2.5333


9.6500


3.9250


14.7500


4.4800


19.8500


4.9900




Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score



Industry Diversity Score


Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score



Industry Diversity Score


Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score



Industry Diversity Score


Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score



Industry Diversity Score

4.6500


2.5667


9.7500


3.9500


14.8500


4.4900


19.9500


5.0000

4.7500


2.6000


9.8500


3.9750


14.9500


4.5000





4.8500


2.6333


9.9500


4.0000


15.0500


4.5100





4.9500


2.6667


10.0500


4.0100


15.1500


4.5200








The Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test

The “Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test” will be satisfied as at any Measurement Date from (and including) the Effective Date, if the Adjusted Weighted Average Moody’s Rating Factor as at such Measurement Date is equal to or less than the sum of (i) the number set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix at the intersection of the applicable “row/column” combination chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) (acting on behalf of the Issuer) as at such Measurement Date, plus (ii) the Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Adjustment, plus (iii) the Moody’s Par WARF Modifier, plus (iv) during the Reinvestment Period only, the Moody’s Average Life Adjustment Amount, plus (v) the Moody’s Weighted Average Spread Adjustment, provided, however, that the sum of (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v) may not exceed 3500.
The “Moody’s Weighted Average Rating Factor” is determined by summing the products obtained by multiplying the Principal Balance of each Collateral Obligation, excluding Defaulted Obligations, by its Moody’s Rating Factor, dividing such sum by the Aggregate Principal Balances of all such Collateral Obligations, excluding Defaulted Obligations, and rounding the result down to the nearest whole number.
The “Moody’s Weighted Average Spread Adjustment” means, as of any date of determination, the greater of: zero; and
an amount equal to the product of:
(i) 1.10 per cent. minus the Applicable Margin of the Class A Notes; and (ii) 80,000.
The “Moody’s Rating Factor” relating to any Collateral Obligation is the number set forth in the table below opposite the Moody’s Default Probability Rating of such Collateral Obligation.
Moody’s Default Probability Rating


Moody’s Rating Factor


Moody’s Default Probability Rating


Moody’s Rating Factor

Aaa


1


Ba1


940

Aa1


10


Ba2


1,350

Aa2


20


Ba3


1,766

Aa3


40


B1


2,220

A1


70


B2


2,720

A2


120


B3


3,490

A3


180


Caa1


4,770

Baa1


260


Caa2


6,500

Baa2


360


Caa3


8,070

Baa3


610


Ca or lower


10,000



The “Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Adjustment” means, as of any Measurement Date, the greater of: zero; and
the product of:
(i) (A) the Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Rate as of such Measurement Date multiplied by 100 minus (B) 43.50; and
(ii) (A) with respect to the adjustment of the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test:
(1) if the Weighted Average Spread is less than 2.50 per cent., 35;
(2) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 2.50 per cent. but less than 2.70 per cent., 40;
(3) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 2.70 per cent. but less than 2.80 per cent., 50;
(4) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 2.80 per cent. but less than 2.90 per cent., 48;
(5) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 2.90 per cent. but less than 3.00 per cent., 50;
(6) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.00 per cent. but less than 3.20 per cent., 52;
(7) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.20 per cent. but less than 3.30 per cent., 55;
(8) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.30 per cent. but less than 3.50 per cent., 58;
(9) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.50 per cent. but less than 3.60 per cent., 65;
(10) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.60 per cent. but less than 3.70 per cent., 75;
(11) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.70 per cent. but less than 3.80 per cent., 78;
(12) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.80 per cent. but less than 3.90 per cent., 80;
(13) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.90 per cent. but less than 4.10 per cent., 82;
(14) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.10 per cent. but less than 4.20 per cent., 85;
(15) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.20 per cent. but less than 4.50 per cent., 88;
(16) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.50 per cent. but less than 4.60 per cent., 90;
(17) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.60 per cent. but less than 5.00 per cent., 92;
(18) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.00 per cent. but less than 5.10 per cent., 95;
(19) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.10 per cent. but less than 5.20 per cent., 100;
(20) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.20 per cent. but less than 5.40 per cent., 102;
(21) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.40 per cent. but less than 5.70 per cent., 107;
(22) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.70 per cent. but less than 5.90 per cent., 112;
(23) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.90 per cent. but less than 6.00 per cent., 130; and
(24) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 6.00 per cent., 175; and
(B) with respect to the adjustment of the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test:
(1) if the Weighted Average Spread is less than 2.50 per cent., 0.040 per cent.;
(2) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 2.50 per cent. but less than 2.60 per cent., 0.035 per cent.;
(3) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 2.60 per cent. but less than 2.90 per cent., 0.040 per cent.;
(4) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 2.90 per cent. but less than 3.20 per cent., 0.050 per cent.;
(5) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.20 per cent. but less than 3.50 per cent., 0.055 per cent.;
(6) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.50 per cent. but less than 3.60 per cent., 0.064 per cent.;
(7) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.60 per cent. but less than 3.70 per cent., 0.080 per cent. ;
(8) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.70 per cent. but less than 3.80 per cent., 0.092 per cent.;
(9) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.80 per cent. but less than 3.90 per cent., 0.102 per cent.;
(10) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 3.90 per cent. but less than 4.00 per cent., 0.105 per cent.;
(11) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.00 per cent. but less than 4.10 per cent., 0.120 per cent.;
(12) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.10 per cent. but less than 4.20 per cent., 0.135 per cent.;
(13) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.20 per cent. but less than 4.30 per cent., 0.140 per cent.;
(14) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.30 per cent. but less than 4.40 per cent., 0.155 per cent.;
(15) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.40 per cent. but less than 4.50 per cent., 0.160 per cent.;
(16) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.50 per cent. but less than 4.60 per cent., 0.170 per cent.;
(17) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.60 per cent. but less than 4.70 per cent., 0.190 per cent.;
(18) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.70 per cent. but less than 4.90 per cent., 0.200 per cent.;
(19) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 4.90 per cent. but less than 5.00 per cent., 0.220 per cent.;
(20) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.00 per cent. but less than 5.10 per cent., 0.230 per cent.;
(21) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.10 per cent. but less than 5.30 per cent., 0.250 per cent.;
(22) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.30 per cent. but less than 5.40 per cent., 0.275 per cent.;
(23) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.40 per cent. but less than 5.50 per cent., 0.280 per cent.;
(24) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.50 per cent. but less than 5.70 per cent., 0.300 per cent.;
(25) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.70 per cent. but less than 5.80 per cent., 0.320 per cent.; and
(26) if the Weighted Average Spread is greater than or equal to 5.80 per cent.,
0.330 per cent.,
provided that:

(i) if the Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Rate for the purposes of determining the Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Adjustment is greater than 60.0 per cent., then such Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Rate shall equal 60.0 per cent. unless Rating Agency Confirmation is obtained; and
(ii) the amount specified in clause (b)(i) above may only be allocated once on any Measurement Date and the Collateral Manager shall designate to the Collateral Administrator in writing on each such date the portion of such amount that shall be allocated to clause (b)(ii)(A) and the portion of such amount that shall be allocated to clause (b)(ii)(B) (it being understood that, absent an express designation by the Collateral Manager, all such amounts shall be allocated to clause (b)(ii)(A)).
“Adjusted Weighted Average Moody’s Rating Factor” means, as of any Measurement Date, a number equal to the Moody’s Weighted Average Rating Factor determined in the following manner: (a) for purposes of determining a Moody’s Default Probability Rating in connection with determining the Moody’s Weighted Average Rating Factor for purposes of this definition, each applicable rating on credit watch by Moody’s that is on (i) positive watch will be treated as having been upgraded by one rating sub-category, (ii) negative watch will be treated as having been downgraded by two rating sub-categories and (iii) negative outlook will be treated as having been downgraded by one rating sub-category, provided in each case, that from and including the Moody’s Methodology Update Effective Date, any rating on credit watch or outlook by Moody’s shall be treated in
accordance with the updated rating methodology published by Moody’s on such date, and (b) rounding the result of the calculation down to the nearest whole number.
“Moody’s Methodology Update Effective Date” means the date on which the proposed amendments to the Moody’s Global Approach to Rating Collateralized Loan Obligations rating methodology published in August 2020 set out in the request for comment entitled “Moody’s Global Approach to Rating Collateralized Loan Obligations: Proposed Methodology Update” dated September 17 2020 are published as final amendments.
The “Moody’s Par WARF Modifier” means, as of any Measurement Date, the number determined pursuant to the Moody’s Excess Par table below corresponding to the Moody’s Excess Par and the Weighted Average Spread as of such Measurement Date, provided that, if the Moody’s Excess Par does not equal a value set forth in the columns below, the Moody’s Par WARF Modifier determined pursuant to the table below shall be interpolated on a linear basis between the two nearest Moody’s Excess Par values. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Weighted Average Spread (expressed as a percentage) as of any Measurement Date shall be higher than 3.90 per cent, no Moody’s Par WARF Modifier shall be applied.
Moody’s Excess Par (€)


Weighted Average Spread


12,000,000


10,000,00
0


8,000,000


6,000,000


4,500,000


3,000,000


2,000,000


1,000,000


500,000

Less than or equal to
2.70%


150.0


150.0


150.0


120.0


80.0


70.0


65.0


25.0


10.0

Greater than 2.70% but
less than or equal to 2.80%


150.0


150.0


150.0


120.0


80.0


70.0


65.0


25.0


10.0

Greater than 2.80% but
less than or equal to 2.90%


150.0


150.0


150.0


120.0


75.0


70.0


60.0


20.0


5.0

Greater than 2.90% but
less than or equal to 3.00%


100.0


100.0


100.0


80.0


65.0


55.0


50.0


20.0


5.0

Greater than 3.00% but
less than or equal to 3.10%


10.0


20.0


45.0


45.0


45.0


30.0


20.0


12.5


5.0

Greater than 3.10% but
less than or equal to 3.20%


0.0


0.0


12.0


15.0


10.0


7.5


5.0


2.5


1.0

Greater than 3.20% but
less than or equal to 3.30%


0.0


0.0


5.0


15.0


10.0


7.5


5.0


1.5


1.0

Greater than 3.30% but
less than or equal to 3.40%


0.0


0.0


5.0


15.0


10.0


7.5


5.0


1.5


0.0

Greater than 3.40% but
less than or equal to 3.60%


0.0


0.0


0.0


0.0


7.5


0.0


0.0


0.0


0.0

Greater than 3.60% but
less than or equal to 3.70%


0.0


0.0


0.0


1.5


7.5


0.0


0.0


0.0


0.0

Greater than 3.70% but
less than or equal to 3.80%


0.0


0.0


0.0


1.5


10.0


2.5


2.5


2.5


2.5

Greater than 3.80% but less than or equal to 3.90%


0.0


0.0


0.0


0.0


10.0


5.0


2.5


2.5


2.5




The “Moody’s Excess Par” means, as of any Measurement Date, the number equal to the greater of:
the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount minus the Target Par Amount as reduced by any reduction in the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes; and
zero.
“Moody’s Average Life Adjustment Amount” means, as of any Measurement Date during the Reinvestment Period, if, as at such Measurement Date, the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) applicable to the current Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows, (as applicable)):
is (i) equal to or greater than 2.40 per cent. and less than 2.50 per cent., or (ii) equal to or greater than
6.00 per cent., the greater of:
the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 130; and
zero, or
is (i) equal to or greater than 2.50 per cent and less than 2.60 per cent, or (ii) equal to or greater than 5.90 and less than 6.00 per cent, the greater of:
the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 115; and
zero, or
is (i) equal to or greater than 2.60 per cent. and less than 2.70 per cent., or (ii) equal to or greater than
5.80 per cent. and less than 5.90 per cent., the greater of:
the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 100; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 5.70 per cent. and less than 5.80 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 90; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 2.70 per cent. and less than 2.80 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 82; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 5.20 per cent. and less than 5.70 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 78; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 4.80 per cent. and less than 5.20 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 72; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 2.80 per cent. and less than 2.90 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 70; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 4.60 per cent. and less than 4.80 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 68; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 2.90 per cent. and less than 3.00 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 62; and
zero, or
is (i) equal to or greater than 3.00 per cent. and less than 3.10 per cent., or (ii) equal to or greater than
4.50 per cent. and less than 4.60 per cent., the greater of:
the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 52; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 4.40 per cent. and less than 4.50 per cent., the greater of:
the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 50; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 4.30 per cent. and less than 4.40 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 45; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 3.10 per cent. and less than 3.20 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 40; and
zero, or
is (i) equal to or greater than 3.20 per cent. and less than 3.30 per cent., or (ii) equal to or greater than
4.20 per cent. and less than 4.30 per cent., the greater of:
the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 30; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 3.30 per cent. and less than 3.40 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 15; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 4.10 per cent. and less than 4.20 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 10; and
zero, or
is equal to or greater than 3.40 per cent. and less than 3.50 per cent., the greater of: the product of:
(A) the Maximum Weighted Average Life minus the Weighted Average Life as at such Measurement Date; and
(B) 5; and
zero,
otherwise no Moody’s Average Life Adjustment Amount shall be applied.
The Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Recovery Rate Test

The “Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Recovery Rate Test” will be satisfied, as at any Measurement Date from (and including) the Effective Date, if the Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Rate is greater than or equal to (i) 43.5 per cent. minus (ii) the Moody’s Weighted Average Rating Factor Adjustment, provided however that the sum of (i) and (ii) may not be less than 35.0 per cent.
The “Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Rate” means, as of any Measurement Date, the number, expressed as a percentage, obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying the Principal Balance of each Collateral Obligation (excluding Defaulted Obligations) by its corresponding Moody’s Recovery Rate and dividing such sum by the lesser of (i) the Reinvestment Target Par Balance and (ii) the Aggregate Principal Balance (excluding Defaulted Obligations) and rounding the result up to the nearest 0.10 per cent.
The “Moody’s Recovery Rate” is, with respect to any Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan, as of any Measurement Date, the recovery rate determined in accordance with the following, in the following order of priority:
if the Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan has been specifically assigned a recovery rate by Moody’s (for example, in connection with the assignment by Moody’s of an estimated rating), such recovery rate; or
if the preceding paragraph (a) does not apply to the Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan, except with respect to Corporate Rescue Loan, the rate determined pursuant to the table below based on the number of rating sub-categories difference between the Collateral Obligation’s or Loss Mitigation Loan’s Moody’s Rating and its Moody’s Default Probability Rating (for purposes of clarification, if the Moody’s Rating is higher than the Moody’s Default Probability Rating, the rating sub-categories difference will be positive and if it is lower, negative):

Number of Moody’s Ratings Sub-categories Difference Between the
Moody’s Rating and the Moody’s Default


Moody’s Secured Senior


Secured Senior Loans that are not Moody’s Secured Senior Loans; Secured
Senior Bonds; Second Lien Loans; Mezzanine


All other Collateral

Probability Rating


Loans


Obligations*


Obligations


+2 or more


60%


55%


45%


+1


50%


45%


35%


0


45%


35%


30%


-1


40%


25%


25%


-2


30%


15%


15%


-3 or less


20%


5%


5%

or,










if the Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan is a Corporate Rescue Loan (other than a Corporate Rescue Loan which has been specifically assigned a recovery rate by Moody’s), 50 per cent.
* If such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan is publicly rated by Moody’s and does not have both a Moody’s CFR and an Assigned Moody’s Rating, such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan will be deemed to be an Unsecured Senior Loan or High Yield Bond for the purposes of this table
“Moody’s Secured Senior Loan” means:
a loan that:
(i) is not (and cannot by its terms become) subordinate in right of payment to any other debt obligation of the obligor of the loan; other than borrowed money, trade claims, capitalised leases or other similar obligations, or no other obligation of the Obligor has any higher priority security interest in such assets or stock, provided that a revolving loan of the Obligor that, pursuant to its terms, may require one or more advances to be made to the borrower may have a higher priority security interest in such assets or stock in the event of an enforcement in respect of such loan representing up to 15 per cent. of the Obligor’s senior debt (or more if Rating Agency Confirmation from Moody’s has been obtained);
(ii) (x) is secured by a valid first priority perfected security interest or lien in, to or on specified collateral securing the obligor’s obligations under the loan and (y) such specified collateral does not consist entirely of equity securities or common stock; provided that any loan that would be considered a Moody’s Secured Senior Loan but for clause (y) above shall be considered a Moody’s Secured Senior Loan if it is a loan made to a parent entity and as to which the Collateral Manager determines in good faith that the value of the common stock of the subsidiary (or other equity interests in the subsidiary) securing such loan at or about the time of acquisition of such loan by the Issuer has a value that is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of such loan and the outstanding principal balances of any other obligations of such parent entity that are pari passu with such loan, which value may include, among other things, the enterprise value of such subsidiary of such parent entity; and
(iii) the value of the collateral securing the loan together with other attributes of the obligor (including, without limitation, its general financial condition, ability to generate cash flow available for debt service and other demands for that cash flow) is adequate (in the commercially reasonable judgment of the Collateral Manager) to repay the loan in accordance with its terms and to repay all other loans of equal seniority secured by a first lien or security interest in the same collateral); and
the loan is not:
(i) a Corporate Rescue Loan; or
(ii) a loan for which the security interest or lien (or the validity or effectiveness thereof) in substantially all of its collateral attaches, becomes effective, or otherwise “springs” into existence after the origination thereof.
The “Moody’s Weighted Average Rating Factor Adjustment” means an amount, expressed as a percentage, as of any Measurement Date equal to the greater of:
zero; and
the number obtained by dividing:
(i) (A) the number set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix at the intersection of the applicable “row/column” combination chosen by the Collateral Manager (acting on behalf of the Issuer) (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)), as at such Measurement Date minus (B) the Adjusted Weighted Average Moody’s Rating Factor; by
(ii) (A) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is less than
2.50 per cent., 68;
(B) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 2.50 per cent. but less than 2.60 per cent., 70;
(C) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 2.60 per cent. but less than 2.70 per cent., 72;
(D) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 2.70 per cent. but less than 2.80 per cent., 78;
(E) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 2.80 per cent. but less than 2.90 per cent., 75;
(F) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 2.90 per cent. but less than 3.00 per cent., 78;
(G) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.00 per cent. but less than 3.10 per cent., 82;
(H) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.10 per cent. but less than 3.20 per cent., 85;
(I) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.20 per cent. but less than 3.30 per cent., 88;
(J) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.30 per cent. but less than 3.40 per cent., 90;
(K) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.40 per cent. but less than 3.50 per cent., 93;
(L) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.50 per cent. but less than 3.60 per cent., 90;
(M) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.60 per cent. but less than 3.70 per cent., 80;
(N) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.70 per cent. but less than 3.80 per cent., 78;
(O) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.80 per cent. but less than 3.90 per cent., 74;
(P) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 3.90 per cent. but less than 4.00 per cent., 72;
(Q) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 4.00 per cent. but less than 4.20 per cent., 70;
(R) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 4.20 per cent. but less than 4.50 per cent., 67;
(S) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 4.50 per cent. but less than 5.00 per cent., 66;
(T) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 5.00 per cent. but less than 5.10 per cent., 65;
(U) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 5.10 per cent. but less than 5.20 per cent., 67;
(V) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 5.20 per cent. but less than 5.70 per cent., 65;
(W) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 5.70 per cent. but less than 5.80 per cent., 64;
(X) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 5.80 per cent. but less than 5.90 per cent., 62;
(Y) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 5.90 per cent. but less than 6.00 per cent., 64; and
(Z) if the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) set forth in the Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between two adjacent rows and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) is equal to or higher than 6.00 per cent., 62,
and dividing the result by 100.
The Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test

The “Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test” will be satisfied if, as at any Measurement Date from (and including) the Effective Date, the Weighted Average Spread as at such Measurement Date plus the Weighted Average Coupon Adjustment Percentage as at such Measurement Date equals or exceeds the Minimum Weighted Average Spread as at such Measurement Date.
The “Minimum Weighted Average Spread”, as of any Measurement Date, means the weighted average spread (expressed as a percentage) applicable to the current Moody’s Test Matrix based upon the option chosen by the Collateral Manager (or interpolating between the two rows containing the closest values and/or two adjacent columns (as applicable)) reduced by the Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Adjustment, provided such reduction may not reduce the Minimum Weighted Average Spread below 2.40 per cent.
The “Weighted Average Spread”, as of any Measurement Date, is the number obtained by dividing:
the amount equal to (A) the Aggregate Funded Spread plus (B) the Aggregate Unfunded Spread plus (other than for the purposes of the S&P CDO Monitor Test) (C) the Aggregate Excess Funded Spread; by
an amount equal to the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Floating Rate Collateral Obligations as of such Measurement Date, excluding Defaulted Obligations and Deferring Securities,
in each case for the purposes of calculating the Weighted Average Spread:
(i) the spread of any Collateral Obligation shall exclude:
(A) any amount which the Issuer or the Collateral Manager has actual knowledge that payment of interest on such Collateral Obligation which is due and payable will not be paid by the Obligor thereof;
(B) any interest that will be withheld because of tax reasons and which is neither grossed up nor recoverable under any applicable double tax treaty; and
(C) in respect of any Issuer Subsidiary Asset held by an Issuer Subsidiary, (x) any income taxes applicable (or which are anticipated to be applicable) to such Issuer Subsidiary in relation to such holding and (y) any amounts expected to be withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes arising from any distribution relating to such Issuer Subsidiary Asset made (or anticipated to be made) by the relevant Issuer Subsidiary to the Issuer (unless such withholding or deduction can be reduced or eliminated by application being made under the applicable double tax treaty or otherwise);
(ii) a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation which is subject to an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction which swaps the fixed rate on such Collateral Obligation for a floating rate shall be treated as a Floating Rate Collateral Obligation with a stated spread and index equal to the stated floating rate payable by the applicable Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer under such Interest Rate Hedge Transaction; and
(iii) a Floating Rate Collateral Obligation which is subject to an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction which swaps the floating rate on such Collateral Obligation for a fixed rate shall be disregarded.
The Weighted Average Spread shall be expressed as a percentage and shall be rounded up to the next 0.01 per cent.
The “Aggregate Funded Spread” is, as of any Measurement Date, the sum of:
in the case of each Floating Rate Collateral Obligation (including, for any Mezzanine Obligation, only the required current cash pay interest required by the Underlying Instruments thereon, and excluding Non-Euro Obligations, Defaulted Obligations, Deferring Securities and the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving Obligation) that bears interest at a spread over EURIBOR, (i) the stated interest rate spread (or, for all purposes other than the S&P CDO Monitor Test, in the case of a Purchased Discount Obligation, its Discount-Adjusted Spread) on such Collateral Obligation above EURIBOR multiplied by (ii) the outstanding principal balance of such Collateral Obligation (excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Obligation);
in the case of each Floating Rate Collateral Obligation (including, for any Mezzanine Obligation, only the required current cash pay interest required by the Underlying Instruments thereon, and excluding Non-Euro Obligations, Defaulted Obligations, Deferring Securities and the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving Obligation) that bears interest at a spread over an index other than EURIBOR-based index, (i) the excess of the sum of such spread and such index over EURIBOR with respect to the Rated Notes as of the immediately preceding Interest Determination Date (which spread or excess may be expressed as a negative percentage); multiplied by (ii) the outstanding principal balance of each such Collateral Obligation (excluding the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Obligation);
in the case of each Floating Rate Collateral Obligation which is a Non-Euro Obligation (including, for any Mezzanine Obligation, only the required current cash pay interest required by the Underlying Instruments thereon, and excluding Defaulted Obligations, Deferring Securities and the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving Obligation):
(i) that is a Currency Hedge Obligation, (A) (1) prior to the earlier of (x) the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation and (y) the entry by the Issuer into a Currency Hedge Transaction in respect of such Collateral Obligation, 100 per cent. of the current per annum rate at which such Collateral Obligation pays interest over LIBOR or such other floating rate index upon which such Collateral Obligation pays interest or (2) following the earlier of (x) the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation and
(y) the entry by the Issuer into a Currency Hedge Transaction in respect of such Collateral Obligation, the stated interest rate spread over EURIBOR payable by the applicable Currency Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer under the related Currency Hedge Transaction multiplied by
(B) the outstanding principal balance of such Non-Euro Obligation, converted into Euro at the applicable Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate; and
(ii) that is an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation:
(A) if such Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency and has been an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation for less than 180 calendar days since the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, and as long as the Rated Notes are rated by Moody’s and/or S&P, 50 per cent. of the current per annum rate at which the Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation, as applicable, pays interest over LIBOR or such other floating rate index upon which the Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation pays interest, multiplied by the outstanding principal balance of such Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation, as applicable converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate; and
(B) otherwise, zero;
provided that (i) for purposes of paragraphs (a) through (c) above, the interest rate spread will be deemed to be, with respect to (1) any Floating Rate Collateral Obligation that has a EURIBOR floor at or above zero, (i) the stated interest rate spread (or, for all purposes other than the S&P CDO Monitor Test, in the case of a Purchased Discount Obligation, its Discount-Adjusted Spread) plus, (ii) if positive, (x) the EURIBOR floor value minus
(y) the greater of (A) EURIBOR as in effect for the current accrual period and (B) zero and (2) any Floating Rate Collateral Obligation that has no EURIBOR floor or a EURIBOR floor below zero, (i) the stated interest rate spread (or, for all purposes other than the S&P CDO Monitor Test, in the case of a Purchased Discount Obligation, its Discount-Adjusted Spread) plus, (ii) the higher of (I) the EURIBOR floor value (provided that any asset which has no EURIBOR floor shall be deemed to have a EURIBOR floor equal to the lower of (x) zero and
(y) EURIBOR as in effect for the current accrual period) and (II) the lower of (x) EURIBOR as in effect for the current accrual period and (y) zero, and provided further that for the purposes of this paragraph only, each reference to “EURIBOR” so far as it relates to a Collateral Obligation shall mean EURIBOR (or such other floating rate of interest) as determined pursuant to the Underlying Instrument in respect of such Collateral Obligation (provided that to the extent the floor is in respect of a Non-Euro Obligation and the floor is not included in the payments made to a Hedge Counterparty by the Issuer, for the purposes of paragraph (c) above, the additional interest amount in respect of such additional margin shall be determined by applying the Spot Rate (multiplied by (x) in the case of Non-Euro Obligations denominated in U.S. Dollars, Sterling, Swedish Krona, Norwegian Krone, Danish Krone, or Swiss Francs, 0.85; and (y) in the case of Non-Euro Obligations denominated in any other Qualifying Currency, 0.50), in each case, under paragraph (c)(ii) and not the Applicable Exchange Rate) (such adjustment pursuant to this proviso, the “EURIBOR Floor Adjustment”),
provided further that, for such purposes, the stated interest rate spread or interest amount of any Floating Rate Collateral Obligation which constitutes a Distressed Exchange Obligation shall be the stated interest rate spread or interest amount of the new obligation accepted as part of the related Offer.
Further, the margin shall be deemed to be (x) in respect of a Step-Down Coupon Security, the lowest margin that is permissible pursuant to and in accordance with the Underlying Instruments relating thereto; (y) in respect of a Step-Up Coupon Security, the margin applicable as at the relevant Measurement Date; and (z) in respect of a Zero Coupon Security, zero.
The “Discount-Adjusted Spread” means, with respect to any Purchased Discount Obligation, the amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to (i) its stated interest rate spread divided by (ii) its purchase price (expressed as a percentage).
The “Aggregate Unfunded Spread” is, as of any Measurement Date, the sum of the products obtained by multiplying (i) for each Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving Obligation (other than Defaulted Obligations and Deferring Securities), the current per annum rate payable by way of such commitment fee then in effect as of such date and (ii) the undrawn commitments of each such Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving Obligation as of such date provided that for any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation or Revolving Obligation which constitutes a Distressed Exchange Obligation (other than Defaulted Obligations and Deferring Securities) such commitment fee shall be the commitment fee of the new obligation accepted as part of the related Offer.
The “Aggregate Excess Funded Spread” is, as of any Measurement Date, the amount obtained by multiplying: the EURIBOR applicable to the Rated Notes during the Accrual Period in which such Measurement Date
occurs; by
the amount (not less than zero) equal to (i) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Collateral Obligations (excluding (x) for any Deferring Security, any interest that has been deferred and capitalised thereon and (y) for the avoidance of doubt, the principal balance of any Defaulted Obligation as of such Measurement Date) minus (ii) the Target Par Amount minus (iii) the aggregate amount of Principal Proceeds received from the issuance of additional Notes pursuant to the Trust Deed; provided that the outstanding principal balance of (i) any Non-Euro Obligation subject to a Currency Hedge Transaction shall be an amount equal to the Euro equivalent of the outstanding principal amount of the reference Non-Euro Obligation, converted into Euro at the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate and (ii) any
Non-Euro Obligation which is not subject to a Currency Hedge Transaction shall be an amount equal to the Euro equivalent of the outstanding principal amount of the reference Non-Euro Obligation, converted into Euro at the applicable Spot Rate.
The “Weighted Average Coupon Adjustment Percentage” means a percentage equal as of any Measurement Date to a number obtained by multiplying: (a) the result, if any, of the Weighted Average Fixed Coupon minus the Reference Weighted Average Fixed Coupon; by (b) the number obtained by dividing the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Floating Rate Collateral Obligations, and which product may, for the avoidance of doubt, be negative.
“Reference Weighted Average Fixed Coupon” means, if any of the Collateral Obligations are Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations 3.50 per cent. and otherwise zero per cent, provided that for the purposes of this definition, a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation which is subject to an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction which swaps the fixed rate on such Collateral Obligation for a floating rate shall be disregarded.
The “Weighted Average Fixed Coupon”, as of any Measurement Date, is the number expressed as a percentage obtained by dividing:
the amount equal to the Aggregate Coupon; by
an amount equal to the sum of (1) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations (other than those which are subject to an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction which swaps the fixed rate on such Collateral Obligation for a floating rate) and (2) the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Floating Rate Collateral Obligations which are subject to an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction which swaps the floating rate on such Collateral Obligation for a fixed rate, in each case as of such Measurement Date (excluding Defaulted Obligations and the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations and Revolving Obligations),
in each case excluding (i) for any Mezzanine Obligation, any interest that has been deferred and capitalised thereon (other than any such interest capitalised pursuant to the terms thereof which is paid for on the date of acquisition of such Mezzanine Obligation), (ii) in each case adjusted for any withholding tax deducted in respect of the relevant obligation which is neither grossed up nor recoverable under any applicable double tax treaty or otherwise, and (iii) in respect of any Issuer Subsidiary Asset held by an Issuer Subsidiary, (x) any income taxes applicable (or which are anticipated to be applicable) to such Issuer Subsidiary in relation to such holding and
(y) any amounts expected to be withheld at source or otherwise deducted in respect of taxes arising from any distribution relating to such Issuer Subsidiary Asset made (or anticipated to be made) by the relevant Issuer Subsidiary to the Issuer (unless such withholding or deduction can be reduced or eliminated by application being made under the applicable double tax treaty or otherwise), and in each case rounding the result up to the nearest
0.01 per cent.
The “Aggregate Coupon” is, as of any Measurement Date, the sum of:
in the case of each Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation which is a Non-Euro Obligation (including, for any Mezzanine Obligation, only the required current cash pay interest required by the Underlying Instruments thereon, and excluding Defaulted Obligations, Deferring Securities, PIK Obligations and the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation and Revolving Obligation):
(i) that is a Currency Hedge Obligation, the product of (x) stated coupon on such Non-Euro Obligation expressed as a percentage and (y) the outstanding principal balance of such Non-Euro Obligation, converted into Euro at the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate; and
(ii) that is an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation:
(A) if such Unhedged Collateral Obligation or Principal Hedged Obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency and has been an Unhedged Collateral Obligation or a Principal Hedged Obligation for less than 180 calendar days since the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation and as long as the Rated Notes are rated by Moody’s and/or S&P, 50 per cent, of the current per
annum coupon at which such Collateral Obligation pays interest, multiplied by the outstanding principal balance of such Non-Euro Obligation, converted into Euro at the Applicable Exchange Rate; and
(B) otherwise, zero; and
with respect to all other Fixed Rate Collateral Obligations (excluding Defaulted Obligations, Deferring Securities, PIK Obligations and the unfunded portion of any Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligations and Revolving Obligations), the sum of the products obtained by multiplying, in the case of each Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation (including, for any Deferring Security or PIK Obligation, only the required current cash pay interest required by the Underlying Instruments thereon), (x) the stated coupon on such Collateral Obligation expressed as a percentage and (y) the outstanding principal balance of such Collateral Obligation,
provided however that for purposes of this definition:
(i) a Floating Rate Collateral Obligation which is subject to an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction which swaps the floating rate on such Collateral Obligation for a fixed rate shall be treated as a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation with a stated spread and index equal to the stated fixed rate payable by the applicable Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty to the Issuer under such Interest Rate Hedge Transaction; and
(ii) a Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation which is subject to an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction which swaps the fixed rate on such Collateral Obligation for a floating rate shall be disregarded.
Further, the coupon shall be deemed to be (x) in respect of a Step-Down Coupon Security, the lowest coupon that is permissible pursuant to and in accordance with the Underlying Instruments relating thereto; and (y) in respect of a Step-Up Coupon Security, the margin applicable as at the relevant Measurement Date.
S&P Matrix

The Break-Even Default Rate will be determined on the basis that: (A) the applicable weighted average spread will be the spread between 2.40 per cent. and 6.00 per cent. (in increments of 0.01 per cent.) without exceeding the S&P Weighted Average Spread as of such Measurement Date (the “S&P Matrix Spread”) and (B) the applicable weighted average recovery rate will be the recovery rate between 20.0 per cent. and 60.0 per cent. (in increments of 0.10 per cent.), without exceeding the S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate as of such Measurement Date (a “Recovery Rate Case”), in each case as selected by the Collateral Manager. On and after the Effective Date, the Collateral Manager will have the right to choose which Recovery Rate Case applies and which S&P Matrix Spread will be applicable for purposes of the S&P CDO Monitor. The applicable S&P Matrix Spread and the applicable Recovery Rate Case from time to time shall constitute the “S&P Matrix”.
After the Issue Date, the Collateral Manager may request for S&P to provide S&P CDO input files for up to 10,000 combinations of S&P Matrix Spreads and Recovery Rate Cases. On two Business Days’ written notice to the Collateral Administrator (or such shorter time as may be acceptable to the Collateral Administrator), the Collateral Manager may choose a different Recovery Rate Case or a different S&P Matrix Spread (or both); provided, that the Collateral Obligations must be in compliance with such different Recovery Rate Case and the S&P Matrix Spread, as applicable, and, solely for purposes of this proviso, if the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to invest in a Collateral Obligation, compliance with the newly selected Recovery Rate Case and the S&P Matrix Spread, as applicable, may be determined after giving effect to such investment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Collateral Obligations are not currently in compliance with the Recovery Rate Case and the S&P Matrix Spread then applicable and would not be in compliance with any other Recovery Rate Case or S&P Matrix Spread, as applicable, the Collateral Manager may select a different Recovery Rate Case or a different S&P Matrix Spread (or both), as applicable, that is not further out of compliance than the current Recovery Rate Case and the S&P Matrix Spread, as applicable. In the event the Collateral Manager fails to choose (A) a Recovery Rate Case prior to the Effective Date, the following will apply: 35.45 per cent. or (B) an S&P Matrix Spread prior to the Effective Date and an S&P Matrix Spread of 3.80 per cent., will apply.
The S&P CDO Monitor Test

The “S&P CDO Monitor Test” will be satisfied on any date of determination on or after the Effective Date and during the Reinvestment Period if, after giving effect to the purchase of any additional Collateral Obligation, (A) during any S&P CDO Model Election Period, the Default Differential of the Proposed Portfolio is positive; and
(B) during any S&P CDO Formula Election Period, the S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR is equal to or greater than the S&P CDO Monitor SDR. The S&P CDO Monitor Test shall only be applicable to the Class of Notes rated “AAA” by S&P at closing. The S&P CDO Monitor Test will be considered to be improved (A) during any S&P CDO Model Election Period, if the Default Differential of the Proposed Portfolio is at least equal to the corresponding Default Differential of the Current Portfolio and (B) during any S&P CDO Formula Election Period, if the S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR less S&P CDO Monitor SDR of the Proposed Portfolio is greater than or equal to the S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR less S&P CDO Monitor SDR of the Current Portfolio.
The “Break-Even Default Rate” is the maximum percentage of defaults, at any time, which the Current Portfolio or the Proposed Portfolio, as applicable, can sustain, as determined by S&P through application of the S&P CDO Monitor chosen by the Collateral Manager in accordance with the definition of “S&P Matrix” that is applicable to the portfolio of Collateral Obligations, which, after giving effect to S&P’s assumptions on recoveries, defaults and timing (consistent with an assumed S&P Rating of “AAA”) and to the Priorities of Payment, will result in sufficient funds remaining for the payment of the most senior Class of Rated Notes then Outstanding in full. After the Effective Date, S&P will provide the Collateral Manager with the Break-Even Default Rates for each S&P CDO Monitor based upon the Recovery Rate Case and S&P Matrix Spread to be associated with such S&P CDO Monitor as selected by the Collateral Manager (with a copy to the Collateral Administrator) as set out in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or any other Recovery Rate Case or S&P Matrix Spread selected by the Collateral Manager from time to time.
The “Current Portfolio” means, as of any date of determination, the portfolio of Collateral Obligations (included at their Principal Balance provided that in respect of Mezzanine Obligations, the Principal Balance shall exclude all accrued interest including any interest accrued following the date of acquisition thereof) and Eligible Investments existing prior to the sale, maturity or other disposition of a Collateral Obligation or a proposed reinvestment of Principal Proceeds in a Substitute Collateral Obligation, as the case may be.
The “Default Differential” is, at any time, the rate calculated by subtracting the Scenario Default Rate at such time from the Break-Even Default Rate at such time.
The “Proposed Portfolio” means, as of any date of determination, the portfolio of Collateral Obligations (included at their Principal Balance provided that in respect of Mezzanine Obligations, the Principal Balance shall exclude all accrued interest including any interest accrued following the date of acquisition thereof) and Eligible Investments resulting from the sale, maturity or other disposition of a Collateral Obligation or a proposed reinvestment of Principal Proceeds in a Substitute Collateral Obligation, as the case may be.
The “Scenario Default Rate” is, at any time, an estimate of the cumulative default rate for the Current Portfolio or the Proposed Portfolio, as applicable, consistent with an assumed S&P’s rating of “AAA”, determined by application by the Collateral Manager of the S&P CDO Monitor at such time.
“S&P CDO Monitor” means the model that is currently available at www.sp.sfproducttools.com. The inputs to the S&P CDO Monitor shall be chosen by the Collateral Manager and include either (x) an S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate from Annex A (S&P Recovery Rates) and an S&P Weighted Average Spread or (y) an S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate and an S&P Weighted Average Spread confirmed in writing by S&P; provided that as of the date such inputs to the S&P CDO Monitor are selected, the S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate equals or exceeds the S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate for such Class chosen by the Collateral Manager and the S&P Weighted Average Spread equals or exceeds the S&P Weighted Average Spread chosen by the Collateral Manager. In calculating the scenario default rate, the S&P CDO Monitor considers each Obligor’s issuer credit rating, the number of Obligors in the portfolio, the Obligor, regional and industry concentrations in the portfolio and the remaining weighted average maturity of the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments and calculates a cumulative default rate based on the statistical probability of distributions or defaults on the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments.
“S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR” means the threshold value for the S&P CDO Monitor Test, calculated as a percentage by adjusting the S&P CDO Monitor BDR for changes in the Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations relative to the Target Par Amount as follows:
S&P CDO Monitor BDR * (OP / NP) + (NP - OP) / [NP * (1 – S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate)], where OP = Target Par Amount; and NP = the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations (excluding obligations with an S&P Rating below “CCC-”), Principal Proceeds, and the sum of the products of the lower of the S&P Recovery Rate or the Market Value of each obligation with an S&P Rating below “CCC-” and the Principal Balance of the relevant obligation.
“S&P CDO Monitor BDR” means the value calculated using the formula provided by S&P at closing:
S&P CDO Monitor BDR = C0 + (C1 * S&P Weighted Average Spread) + (C2 * S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate).
C0, C1 and C2 will not change unless S&P provides updated co-efficients at the request of the Collateral Manager following the Issue Date. As at the Issue Date, C0, C1 and C2 have the following values: C0 = 0.195038533456339 C1 = 3.692656385921720 and C2 = 0.953284302772292.
“S&P Weighted Average Spread” means the aggregate of the Weighted Average Spread plus the Weighted Average Coupon Adjustment Percentage.
“S&P CDO Formula Election Date” means the date designated by the Collateral Manager upon prior written notice to S&P, the Trustee and the Collateral Administrator as the date on which the Issuer will begin to utilise the S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR; provided that an S&P CDO Formula Election Date may only occur once.
“S&P CDO Formula Election Period” means (i) the period from the Effective Date until the occurrence of an S&P CDO Model Election Date and (ii) thereafter, any date on and after an S&P CDO Formula Election Date so long as no S&P CDO Model Election Date has occurred since such S&P CDO Formula Election Date.
“S&P CDO Model Election Date” means the date designated by the Collateral Manager upon at least five Business Days’ prior written notice to S&P, the Trustee and the Collateral Administrator as the date on which the Issuer will begin to utilise the S&P CDO Monitor.
“S&P CDO Model Election Period” means any date on and after an S&P CDO Model Election Date so long as no S&P CDO Formula Election Date has occurred since such S&P CDO Model Election Date.
“S&P CDO Monitor SDR” means the percentage derived from the following equation: 0.247621 + (SPWARF/9162.65) – (DRD/16757.2) – (ODM/7677.8) – (IDM/2177.56) – (RDM/34.0948) + (WAL/27.3896),
where SPWARF is the S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor; DRD is the S&P Default Rate Dispersion; ODM is the S&P Obligor Diversity Measure; IDM is the S&P Industry Diversity Measure; RDM is the S&P Regional Diversity Measure; and WAL is the S&P Weighted Average Life “S&P CLO Specified Assets” means all Collateral Obligations with an S&P Rating equal to or higher than “CCC-”.
“S&P Default Rate Dispersion” means the value calculated by multiplying the Principal Balance for each S&P CLO Specified Asset by the absolute value of the difference between the S&P Global Ratings Factor for such S&P CLO Specified Asset and the S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor, then summing the results for all S&P CLO Specified Assets, and dividing this amount by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all S&P CLO Specified Assets.
“S&P Global Ratings Factor” means, for each S&P CLO Specified Asset, the five year asset default S&P Rating given to that S&P CLO Specified Asset and the default table in S&P’s Corporate CDO Criteria (see below as currently published by S&P on 21 June 2019 in “Global Methodology and Assumptions for CLOs And Corporate CDOs”, or such other published table by S&P that the Collateral Manager provides to the Collateral Administrator) multiplied by 10,000.
S&P Rating


S&P Global Ratings Factor

AAA


13.51

AA+


26.75

AA


46.36

AA-


63.90

A+


99.50

A


146.35

A-


199.83

BBB+


271.01

BBB


361.17

BBB-


540.42

BB+


784.92

BB


1233.63

BB-


1565.44

B+


1982.00

B


2859.50

B-


3610.11

CCC+


4641.40

CCC


5293.00

CCC-


5751.00

CC


10000.00

SD


10000.00

D


10000.00



“S&P Industry Diversity Measure” means a measure calculated by determining the Aggregate Principal Balance of the S&P CLO Specified Assets within each S&P Industry Classification in the portfolio, then dividing each of these amounts by the Aggregate Principal Balance of the S&P CLO Specified Assets from all the S&P Industry Classification in the Portfolio, then squaring the result for each industry, and then taking the reciprocal of the sum of these squares.
“S&P Obligor Diversity Measure” means a measure calculated by determining the Aggregate Principal Balance of the S&P CLO Specified Assets from each Obligor and its affiliates, then dividing each such Aggregate Principal Balance by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all S&P CLO Specified Assets from all the Obligors in the Portfolio, then squaring the result for each Obligor, then taking the reciprocal of the sum of these squares.
“S&P Regional Diversity Measure” means a measure calculated by determining the Aggregate Principal Balance of the S&P CLO Specified Assets within each S&P region set forth in Annex B (S&P CDO Evaluator Country Codes, Regions and Recovery Groups) of this Offering Circular, then dividing each of these amounts by the Aggregate Principal Balance of the S&P CLO Specified Assets from all S&P regions in the Portfolio, squaring the result for each region, then taking the reciprocal of the sum of these squares.
“S&P Recovery Rate” means, in respect of each Collateral Obligation and the Class rated “AAA” by S&P, an S&P Recovery Rate determined in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or as advised by S&P. Extracts of the S&P Recovery Rates applicable under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement as at the Issue Date are set out in Annex A (S&P Recovery Rates) of this Offering Circular.
“S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate” means, as of any Measurement Date the number (expressed as a percentage) obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying the Principal Balance (excluding Purchased Accrued Interest) of each Collateral Obligation, by its S&P Recovery Rate, dividing such sum by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all Collateral Obligations, and rounding up to the nearest 0.1 per cent.. For purposes of this rate, the Principal Balance of any Defaulted Obligation shall be deemed to be zero.
“S&P Weighted Average Life” means the value calculated by determining the number of years between the Measurement Date and the Average Life of each S&P CLO Specified Asset, then multiplying each S&P CLO Specified Assets’ Principal Balance by such number of years, and then summing this amount for all S&P CLO Specified Assets, and dividing this amount by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all S&P CLO Specified Assets.
“S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor” means the value calculated by multiplying the Principal Balance for each S&P CLO Specified Assets by its S&P Global Ratings Factor, then summing the results of all S&P CLO
Specified Assets, and then dividing this result by the Aggregate Principal Balance of all S&P CLO Specified Assets.
Weighted Average Life Test

The “Weighted Average Life Test” will be satisfied on any Measurement Date if the Weighted Average Life as of such date is less than the Maximum Weighted Average Life.
The “Maximum Weighted Average Life” means, on any Measurement Date, the number of years (rounded to the nearest one hundredth thereof) during the period from such Measurement Date to 11 December 2028.
“Weighted Average Life” is, as of any Measurement Date with respect to all Collateral Obligations other than Defaulted Obligations, the number of years (rounded down to the nearest one-hundredth thereof) following such date obtained by summing the products obtained by multiplying (a) the Average Life at such time of each such Collateral Obligation by (b) the Principal Balance of such Collateral Obligation and dividing such sum by the Aggregate Principal Balance at such time of all Collateral Obligations other than Defaulted Obligations.
“Average Life” is, on any Measurement Date with respect to any Collateral Obligation, the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the sum of the products of (a) the number of years (rounded to the nearest one-hundredth thereof) from such Measurement Date to the respective dates of each successive scheduled distribution of principal of such Collateral Obligation and (b) the respective amounts of principal of such scheduled distributions by (ii) the sum of all successive scheduled distributions of principal on such Collateral Obligation.
Rating Definitions

S&P Ratings Definitions

“Information” means S&P’s “Credit Estimate Information Requirements” dated April 2011 and any other available information S&P reasonably requests in order to produce a credit estimate for a particular asset.
“S&P Rating” means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, as of any date of determination, the rating determined in accordance with the following methodology:
if there is an S&P Issuer Credit Rating of the issuer of such Collateral Obligation by S&P as published by S&P, or the guarantor which unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees such Collateral Obligation (such guarantee to comply with the relevant S&P criteria on guarantees), then the S&P Rating shall be such rating (regardless of whether there is a published rating by S&P on the Collateral Obligations of such issuer held by the Issuer, provided that private ratings (that is, ratings provided at the request of the Obligor) may be used for purposes of this definition if the related Obligor has consented to the disclosure thereof and a copy of such consent has been provided to S&P);
if there is no S&P Issuer Credit Rating of the issuer or guarantor by S&P but,
(i) there is a senior secured rating on any obligation or security of the issuer, then the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation shall be one sub-category below such rating;
(ii) if clause (i) above does not apply, but there is a senior unsecured rating on any obligation or security of the issuer, the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation shall equal such rating; and
(iii) if neither clause (i) nor clause (ii) above applies, but there is a subordinated rating on any obligation or security of the issuer, then the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation shall be one sub-category above such rating;
with respect to any Collateral Obligation that is a Current Pay Obligation, the S&P Rating applicable to such obligation shall be the higher of (i) the issue level rating thereof and (ii) “CCC”;
with respect to any Collateral Obligation that is a Corporate Rescue Loan:
(i) falling within paragraph (a) of the definition of Corporate Rescue Loan, and if S&P has assigned a rating or credit estimate to such Corporate Rescue Loan, the S&P Rating for such Corporate Rescue Loan shall be such rating or credit estimate; or
(ii) falling within paragraph (b) of the definition of Corporate Rescue Loan, and if S&P has assigned an S&P Issuer Credit Rating or credit estimate to such Corporate Rescue Loan, the S&P Rating for such Corporate Rescue Loan shall be such S&P Issuer Credit Rating or credit estimate; or
(iii) upon application by the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) to S&P for a credit estimate, the applicable Corporate Rescue Loan shall be deemed to have an S&P Rating of “D”; and
if there is not a rating by S&P on the issuer or on an obligation of the issuer, then the S&P Rating may be determined (other than in the case of Corporate Rescue Loans) pursuant to paragraphs (i) and (ii) below:
(i) if an obligation of the issuer is not a Corporate Rescue Loan and is publicly rated by Moody’s Investors Services, Inc. and any successor or successors thereto (“Moody’s”), then the S&P Rating will be determined in accordance with the methodologies for establishing the S&P Rating set forth above but by reference to the Moody’s equivalent ratings, except that the S&P Rating of such obligation will be (1) one sub-category below the S&P equivalent of the Moody’s rating if such Moody’s rating is “Baa3” or higher and (2) two sub categories below the S&P equivalent of the Moody’s rating if such Moody’s rating is “Ba1” or lower; provided that in each case, the S&P Rating will be (x) a further sub-category below the S&P equivalent of the Moody’s rating of the applicable obligation if the relevant Moody’s rating is on “credit watch negative” by Moody’s; or (y) a sub-category above the S&P equivalent of the Moody’s rating of the applicable obligation if the relevant Moody’s rating is on “credit watch positive” by Moody’s; provided, further, that the S&P Rating shall not be determined pursuant to this paragraph (e)(i) in respect of any Collateral Obligation if doing so would result in the Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations for which S&P Ratings have been determined pursuant to this paragraph (e)(i) exceeding 15 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount at the relevant time (where, for the purposes of determining the Collateral Principal Amount, the Principal Balance of each Defaulted Obligation shall be equal to its S&P Collateral Value); provided further that, if (x) neither the Obligor nor any of its affiliates is subject to reorganisation, bankruptcy or similar proceedings and (y) all of the Obligor’s obligations are current and the Collateral Manager believes they will remain current, then the S&P Rating derived by application of this paragraph (e)(i) cannot be lower than “CCC-”; and
(ii) the S&P Rating may be based on a credit estimate provided by S&P, and in connection therewith, the Issuer, the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer or the issuer of such Collateral Obligation shall, prior to or within 30 days after the acquisition of such Collateral Obligation, apply (and concurrently submit all available information in respect of such application) to S&P for a credit estimate which shall be its S&P Rating; provided that, if such information is submitted within such 30 day period, then, for a period of up to 90 days after acquisition of such Collateral Obligation by the Issuer and pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, such Collateral Obligation shall have an S&P Rating as determined by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion if (A) the Collateral Manager certifies to the Trustee and the Collateral Administrator that it believes that such S&P Rating determined by the Collateral Manager is commercially reasonable and that the S&P Rating, will be at least equal to such rating and (B) the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations subject to an S&P Rating determined by the Collateral Manager in accordance with (A) does not exceed 5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount (for such purpose the Principal Balance of all Defaulted Obligations shall be their S&P Collateral Value); provided, further, that: (x) if such information is not submitted within such 30 day period and (y) following the end of the 90-day period set forth above, pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, the Collateral Obligation shall have an S&P Rating of “CCC-”; unless, in the case of clause (y) above, during such 90-day period, the Collateral Manager has requested the extension of such period and S&P, in its sole discretion, has granted such request; provided, further, that; if the Collateral Obligation has had a public
rating by S&P that S&P has withdrawn or suspended within six months prior to the date of such application for a credit estimate in respect of such Collateral Obligation, the S&P Rating in respect thereof shall be “CCC-” pending receipt from S&P of such estimate, and S&P may elect not to provide such estimate until a period of six months have elapsed after the withdrawal or suspension of the public rating; provided, further, that such credit estimate shall expire 12 months after the acquisition of such Collateral Obligation, following which such Collateral Obligation shall have an S&P Rating of “CCC-” unless, during such 12 month period, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on behalf of the Issuer) applies for renewal thereof in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement in which case such credit estimate shall continue to be the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation until S&P has confirmed or revised such credit estimate, upon which such confirmed or revised credit estimate shall be the S&P Rating of such Collateral Obligation; provided, further, that such confirmed or revised credit estimate shall expire on the next succeeding 12-month anniversary of the date of the acquisition of such Collateral Obligation and (when renewed annually in accordance with the Portfolio Management Agreement) on each 12-month anniversary thereafter,
provided that, in respect of each of (a) to (d) above, for purposes of the determination of the S&P Rating, (1)(x) if the applicable rating assigned by S&P to an Obligor or its obligations is on “credit watch positive” by S&P, such rating will be treated as being one sub-category above such assigned rating, (y) if the applicable rating assigned by S&P to an Obligor or its obligations is on “credit watch negative” by S&P, such rating will be treated as being one sub-category below such assigned rating except if such applicable rating assigned by S&P to the Obligor or its obligations is “CCC-”, in such case the S&P Rating will be “CCC-”, (2) with respect to any Collateral Obligation whose rating cannot be determined using any of the steps set out in paragraphs (a) to (e) above, if (x) neither the Obligor nor any of its affiliates is subject to reorganisation, bankruptcy or similar proceedings and (y) all of the Obligor’s obligations are current and the Collateral Manager believes they will remain current, then the corresponding S&P Rating for such Collateral Obligation shall be “CCC-”, and (3) with respect to any Collateral Obligation whose rating cannot be determined using any of the steps set out in paragraphs
(a) to (e) above, the S&P Rating for such Collateral Obligation shall be “CC”.
“S&P Issuer Credit Rating” means, in respect of a Collateral Obligation, a publicly available issuer credit rating by S&P in respect of the Obligor thereof.
Moody’s Ratings Definitions

“Assigned Moody’s Rating” means the monitored publicly available rating or the credit estimate or the unpublished monitored loan rating, in each case expressly assigned to a debt obligation (or facility) by Moody’s that addresses the full amount of the principal and interest promised.
“Moody’s CFR” means, with respect to an obligor of a Collateral Obligation, if such obligor has a corporate family rating by Moody’s, then such corporate family rating; provided, if such obligor does not have a corporate family rating by Moody’s but any entity in the obligor’s corporate family does have a corporate family rating, then the Moody’s CFR is such corporate family rating.
“Moody’s Default Probability Rating” means, with respect to any Collateral Obligation, as of any date of determination, the rating determined in accordance with the following methodology:
if such Collateral Obligation is a Corporate Rescue Loan, its Moody’s Derived Rating determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of Moody's Derived Rating;
if the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has a Moody’s CFR, then such Moody’s CFR;
if not determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above, if the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has one or more senior unsecured obligations with an Assigned Moody’s Rating, then the Assigned Moody’s Rating on such obligation as selected by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion;
if not determined pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) or (c) above, if the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has one or more senior secured obligations with an Assigned Moody’s Rating, then the Moody’s rating
that is one sub-category lower than the Assigned Moody’s Rating on any such senior secured obligation as selected by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion;
if not determined pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (c) or (d) above, if a credit estimate has been assigned to such Collateral Obligation by Moody’s upon the request of the Issuer, the Collateral Manager or an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager, then the Moody’s Default Probability Rating is such rating estimate as long as such rating estimate or a renewal for such rating estimate has been issued or provided by Moody’s in each case within the 15 month period preceding the date on which the Moody’s Default Probability Rating is being determined; provided, that if such rating estimate has been issued or provided by Moody’s for a period (x) longer than 13 months but not beyond 15 months, the Moody’s Default Probability Rating will be one sub-category lower than such rating estimate and (y) beyond 15 months, the Moody’s Default Probability Rating will be deemed to be “Caa3”;
if not determined pursuant to clauses (a), (b), (c), (d) or (e) above, the Moody’s Derived Rating; and
if not determined pursuant to clause (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) or (f) above, the Collateral Obligation will be deemed to have a Moody’s Default Probability Rating of “Caa3”.
“Moody’s Derived Rating” means, with respect to a Collateral Obligation whose Moody’s Rating or Moody’s Default Probability Rating is determined as the Moody’s Derived Rating, the rating as determined in the manner set forth below:
with respect to any Corporate Rescue Loan , the Moody’s Default Probability Rating of such Collateral Obligation shall be the rating which is one sub-category below the facility rating (whether public or private) of such Corporate Rescue Loan, as applicable, rated by Moody’s; and
if not determined pursuant to paragraph (a) above, if the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has a long- term issuer rating by Moody’s, then such long-term issuer rating;
if not determined pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) above, if another obligation of the Obligor is rated by Moody’s, then by adjusting the rating of the related Moody’s rated obligations of the related Obligor by the number of rating sub-categories according to the table below:
Obligation Category of Rated
Obligation Rating of Rated Obligation
‎Number of Sub-categories Relative to Rated Obligation Rating

Senior secured obligationGreater than or equal to B2 -1
Senior secured obligationless than B2 -2
Subordinated obligationGreater than or equal to B3 +1
Subordinated obligationless than B3 0
if not determined pursuant to paragraph (a), (b) or (c) above, then by using any one of the methods provided below:
(i) pursuant to the table below:
Type of Collateral Obligation
‎S&P Rating (Public and Monitored)
‎
Collateral Obligation Rated by S&P
‎Number of Sub-categories Relative to Moody’s Equivalent of S&P Rating
Not Structured Finance Obligation
Not Structured Finance Obligation
Not Structured Finance Obligation
Not Structured Finance Obligation
‎
≥BBB- Not a Loan or Participation in Loan -1
≥BBB- Loan or Participation in Loan -1
≤BB+ Not a Loan or Participation in Loan -2
≤BB+ Loan or Participation in Loan -2
(ii) if such Collateral Obligation is not rated by S&P but another security or obligation of the Obligor has a public and monitored rating by S&P (a “parallel security”), then the rating of such parallel
security will at the election of the Collateral Manager be determined in accordance with the table set forth in sub-paragraph (d)(i) above, and the Moody’s Derived Rating for the purposes of the definition of Moody’s Rating and Moody’s Default Probability Rating (as applicable) of such Collateral Obligation will be determined in accordance with the methodology set forth in paragraph (c) above (for such purposes treating the parallel security as if it were rated by Moody’s at the rating determined pursuant to this sub-paragraph (d)(ii)); or
(iii) if such Collateral Obligation is a Corporate Rescue Loan, no Moody’s Derived Rating may be determined based on a rating by S&P or any other rating agency,
provided further, and to the Collateral Manager’s knowledge that such Collateral Obligation is not a Defaulted Obligation, that the derived rating as set forth in clause (c) and sub-clause (i) and (ii) of this clause (d) cannot be lower than “Caa3”; or
if such Collateral Obligation is not rated by Moody’s and no other security or obligation of the issuer of such Collateral Obligation is rated by Moody’s, and if Moody’s has been requested by the Issuer, the Collateral Manager or the issuer of such Collateral Obligation to assign a rating or credit estimate with respect to such Collateral Obligation but such rating or credit estimate has not been received, pending receipt of such estimate, the Moody’s Derived Rating for purposes of the definition of Moody’s Rating and Moody’s Default Probability Rating (as applicable) of such Collateral Obligation shall be (i) “B3” if the Collateral Manager certifies to the Trustee and the Collateral Administrator that the Collateral Manager believes that such estimate will be at least “B3” and if the aggregate principal balance of Collateral Obligations determined pursuant to this paragraph (e) does not exceed 5 per cent. of the Collateral Principal Amount of all Collateral Obligations or (ii) otherwise, “Caa1”.
“Moody’s Rating” means,
with respect to a Collateral Obligation that is a Secured Senior Loan or a Secured Senior Bond:
(i) if such Collateral Obligation has an Assigned Moody’s Rating, such Assigned Moody’s Rating;
(ii) if such Collateral Obligation does not have an Assigned Moody’s Rating but the Obligor of such Collateral Obligation has a Moody’s CFR, then the Moody’s rating that is one sub-category higher than such Moody’s CFR;
(iii) if neither paragraph (i) nor (ii) above apply, if such Collateral Obligation does not have an Assigned Moody’s Rating but the obligor of such Collateral Obligation has one or more senior unsecured obligations with an Assigned Moody’s Rating, then the Moody’s rating that is two sub-categories higher than the Assigned Moody’s Rating on any such obligation as selected by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion;
(iv) if none of paragraphs (i) through (iii) above apply, at the election of the Collateral Manager, the Moody’s Derived Rating; and
(v) if none of paragraph (i) through (iv) above apply, the Collateral Obligation will be deemed to have a Moody’s Rating of “Caa3”; and
with respect to a Collateral Obligation other than a Secured Senior Loan or a Secured Senior Bond:
(i) if such Collateral Obligation has an Assigned Moody’s Rating, such Assigned Moody’s Rating;
(ii) if such Collateral Obligation does not have an Assigned Moody’s Rating but the obligor of such Collateral Obligation has one or more senior unsecured obligations with an Assigned Moody’s Rating, then the Assigned Moody’s Rating on any such obligation as selected by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion;
(iii) if neither paragraph (i) nor (ii) above apply, if such Collateral Obligation does not have an Assigned Moody’s Rating but the obligor of such Collateral Obligation has a Moody’s CFR, then the Moody’s rating that is one sub-category lower than such Moody’s CFR;
(iv) if none of paragraphs (i), (ii) or (iii) above apply, if such Collateral Obligation does not have an Assigned Moody’s Rating but the obligor of such Collateral Obligation has one or more subordinated debt obligations with an Assigned Moody’s Rating, then the Moody’s rating that is one sub-category higher than the Assigned Moody’s Rating on any such obligation as selected by the Collateral Manager in its sole discretion;
(v) if none of paragraphs (i) through (iv) above apply, at the election of the Collateral Manager, the Moody’s Derived Rating; and
(vi) if none of paragraphs (i) through (v) above apply, the Collateral Obligation will be deemed to have a Moody’s Rating of “Caa3”.
The Coverage Tests
The Coverage Tests will consist of the Class A/B Par Value Test, the Class C Par Value Test, the Class D Par Value Test, the Class E Par Value Test, the Class F Par Value Test, the Class A/B Interest Coverage Test, the Class C Interest Coverage Test and the Class D Interest Coverage Test. The Coverage Tests will be used primarily to determine whether interest may be paid on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes, whether Principal Proceeds may be reinvested in Substitute Collateral Obligations, or whether Interest Proceeds which would otherwise be used to pay interest on the Class C Notes, the Class D Notes, the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes must instead be used to pay principal on the Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence, in each case to the extent necessary to cause the Coverage Tests relating to the relevant Class of Notes to be met.
Each of the Class A/B Par Value Test, the Class A/B Interest Coverage Test, the Class C Par Value Test, the Class C Interest Coverage Test, the Class D Par Value Test, the Class D Interest Coverage Test, the Class E Par Value Test and the Class F Par Value Test shall apply on a Measurement Date (i) on and after the Effective Date in respect of the Par Value Tests, and (ii) on and after the Determination Date immediately preceding the second Payment Date in the case of each Interest Coverage Test and shall be satisfied on a Measurement Date if the corresponding Par Value Ratio or Interest Coverage Ratio (as the case may be) is at least equal to the percentage specified in the table below in relation to that Coverage Test.
Coverage Test and Ratio


Percentage at Which Test is Satisfied

Class A/B Par Value


134.13%

Class A/B Interest Coverage


120.00%

Class C Par Value


124.29%

Class C Interest Coverage


110.00%

Class D Par Value


114.23%

Class D Interest Coverage


105.00%

Class E Par Value


106.11%

Class F Par Value


104.26%



The Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test
If the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test is not satisfied as of any Determination Date on and after the Effective Date and during the Reinvestment Period, on the related Payment Date, Interest Proceeds shall be paid to the Principal Account to be applied, at the election of the Collateral Manager, for the purpose of the acquisition of additional Collateral Obligations or the redemption of the Rated Notes in an amount equal to the lesser of (1) 50 per cent. of all remaining Interest Proceeds available for payment pursuant to paragraph (W) of the Interest Priority of Payments and (2) the amount which, after giving effect to payment of all amounts payable in respect of paragraphs (A) through (V) (inclusive) of the Interest Priority of Payments, would be sufficient to cause the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test to be satisfied as of such Payment Date after giving effect to any payments made pursuant to paragraph (W) of the Interest Priority of Payments.
Percentage at Which Test Is Satisfied

Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test104.51%
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL MANAGEMENT AND ADMINISTRATION AGREEMENT
The following description of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement consists of a summary of certain provisions of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement which does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of such agreement. Capitalised terms used in this section and not defined in this Offering Circular shall have the meaning given to them in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.

General
The Collateral Manager will perform certain investment management functions, including, without limitation, supervising, directing and effecting the investment and reinvestment of the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments, and perform certain administrative and advisory functions on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement. The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement contains procedures whereby the Collateral Manager will have discretionary authority of the Issuer in relation to the composition, acquisition and management of the Portfolio.
Standard of Care of the Collateral Manager
Pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager will agree with the Issuer that it will perform its obligations and duties and exercise its discretions under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, with reasonable care and in good faith using a degree of skill and attention no less than that which the Collateral Manager exercises with respect to comparable assets that it manages for itself and others (if any), and in a manner consistent with practices followed by prudent similar institutional managers of assets of the same nature and character as the Collateral in substantially similar types of transactions (the “Standard of Care”). To the extent not inconsistent with the foregoing, the Collateral Manager will follow its customary standards, policies and procedures in performing its duties under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
The Collateral Manager is exempted from liability arising out of or in connection with the performance of its duties under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement except, inter alia, by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, fraud, gross negligence (as interpreted under New York law) or wilful misconduct of the Collateral Manager, provided that nothing shall relieve the Collateral Manager from contractual liability under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement in the event that the Collateral Manager fails to perform its duties in accordance with the Standard of Care.
The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement contains provisions which require that the Collateral Manager shall not take any action on behalf of the Issuer which would cause the Issuer to be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes or become otherwise subject to U.S. federal, state or local tax on a net income basis, subject to the further conditions detailed in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement including adhering to specific Tax Guidelines (as specified therein).
The Collateral Manager shall not be liable for any consequential or punitive losses or damages.
Compensation of the Collateral Manager
As compensation for the performance of its obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager will be entitled to receive from the Issuer on each Payment Date a senior collateral management fee equal to 0.20 per cent. per annum (calculated semi-annually in respect of each semi-annual Due Period and quarterly at all other times, and, in each case, on the basis of a 360 day year and the actual number of days elapsed in such Due Period) of the Fee Basis Amount as determined by the Collateral Administrator, which collateral management fee will be payable senior to the Notes, but subordinated to certain fees and expenses of the Issuer in accordance with the Priorities of Payment (such fee, the “Senior Management Fee”).
As consideration for its collateral management services the Collateral Manager shall be entitled to subscribe for a portion of the Class Z Notes, on the Issue Date at their stated issue price. The Collateral Manager may not transfer
such Class Z Notes at any time or to any person other than to a successor collateral manager that is appointed following the resignation or removal of the Collateral Manager.
The Senior Management Fee shall be calculated based upon the actual number of days elapsed in the applicable Due Period divided by 360 and (subject as provided below), shall not include any VAT payable on such Senior Management Fee. In the event that any supply to which the Senior Management Fee relates is or becomes subject to VAT payable by the Collateral Manager, then an amount equal to such VAT will be paid by the Issuer to the Collateral Manager in addition to such Senior Management Fee against delivery of a valid VAT invoice, provided that the Collateral Manager may agree to bear and (x) where the Collateral Manager is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT (without prejudice to the requirement to provide a valid invoice) not receive additional amounts in respect of such VAT (so that the Senior Management Fee is paid inclusive of VAT) or, (y) where the Issuer is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, receive a reduced amount in respect of the Senior Management Fee equal to the VAT exclusive amount of such fee expressed to be payable pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement less an amount equal to the VAT chargeable with respect thereto.
If amounts distributable on any Payment Date in accordance with the Priorities of Payment are insufficient to pay the Senior Management Fee or a Class Z Noteholder Amount in full, then a portion of the Senior Management Fee or Class Z Noteholder Amount, as applicable, equal to the shortfall will be deferred and will be payable on subsequent Payment Dates on which funds are available therefor according to the Priorities of Payment.
The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement also provides that the Collateral Manager will be entitled to an Incentive Collateral Management Fee on each Payment Date on which the Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold has been met or surpassed, such fee being in an amount equal to and payable from 20 per cent. of any Interest Proceeds and Principal Proceeds that would otherwise be available to distribute to the Subordinated Noteholders in accordance with the Priorities of Payment and (subject as provided below) shall not include any VAT payable on such Incentive Collateral Management Fee. In the event that any supply to which the Incentive Collateral Management Fee relates is or becomes subject to VAT payable by the Collateral Manager, then an amount equal to such VAT will be paid by the Issuer to the Collateral Manager in addition to such Incentive Collateral Management Fee against delivery of a valid VAT invoice, provided that the Collateral Manager may agree to bear and (x) where the Collateral Manager is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT (without prejudice to the requirement to provide a valid invoice) not receive additional amounts in respect of such VAT (so that the Incentive Collateral Management Fee is paid inclusive of VAT) or,
(y) where the Issuer is the person required to account to the relevant tax authority for the VAT, receive a reduced amount in respect of the Incentive Collateral Management Fee equal to the VAT exclusive amount of such fee expressed to be payable pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement less an amount equal to the VAT chargeable with respect thereto.
The Collateral Manager may elect to irrevocably waive, designate for reinvestment or, defer any Senior Management Fees and some or all of its portion of a payment in respect of the Class Z Notes. Any amounts so deferred shall be used to purchase Substitute Collateral Obligations or used to purchase Rated Notes in accordance with Condition 7(l) (Purchase) or applied in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. To the extent that the Collateral Manager elects to defer all or a portion thereof and later rescinds such deferral election, the Senior Management Fee and/or Class Z Noteholder Amount so deferred, as applicable, and any VAT thereon will be payable on subsequent Payment Dates in accordance with the Priorities of Payment. Any due and unpaid Senior Management Fees and Class Z Noteholder Amounts including any Deferred Senior Collateral Management Amounts and Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts and any VAT thereon shall not accrue any interest.
The Collateral Manager may elect to irrevocably waive or designate for reinvestment some or all of the amounts that would have been payable to the Collateral Manager as the Incentive Collateral Management Fee under the Interest Priority of Payments or the Principal Priority of Payments on a Payment Date. Any such amounts designated for reinvestment shall be used to purchase Substitute Collateral Obligations or be deposited in the Principal Account pending reinvestment in Substitute Collateral Obligations. Any such amounts irrevocably waived shall be applied to the payment of interest or principal (as applicable) on the Subordinated Notes, subject and in accordance with the Interest Priority of Payments or the Principal Priority of Payments (as applicable).
The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement provides that the Collateral Manager shall be responsible for its ordinary overhead expenses (and any VAT thereon) incurred in connection with the
performance of its obligations pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, expenses for the services described in clauses (i) through (vii) below or that are otherwise payable by the Issuer under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement shall not be deemed to be “ordinary overhead expenses”. The Issuer will pay, or (if paid by the Collateral Manager) reimburse the Collateral Manager (except for expenses incurred by the Collateral Manager as a direct consequence of a Collateral Manager Breach) for expenses including fees and out-of-pocket expenses (including irrecoverable VAT) incurred by the Collateral Manager in connection with the services provided under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, including (i) any fees, expenses or other amounts payable to the Rating Agencies, the Collateral Administrator, the Trustee and the accountants of the Issuer that have been invoiced to the Collateral Manager, (ii) any properly incurred costs and expenses of the Collateral Manager to employ rating agencies, legal advisers, accountants, consultants, brokers and other third party professionals or service providers retained by the Issuer or by the Collateral Manager on the Issuer’s behalf in connection with the evaluation, transfer, administration, restructuring, default or enforcement of any Collateral Obligation, Loss Mitigation Loan or any proposed purchase of a Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan by the Issuer and any reasonable fees and expenses incurred by the Collateral Manager in obtaining advice from legal advisers or consultants with respect to the services provided by the Collateral Manager pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, (iii) any expenses reasonably incurred by the Collateral Manager in connection with the rating of any Notes issued by the Issuer and the acquisition or disposition, or proposed acquisition or disposition of any Collateral Obligations, Loss Mitigation Loan or Eligible Investments, or the default or restructuring thereof, including news and quotation subscription expenses, asset pricing and asset rating services, brokerage commissions, research expenses (that do not constitute substantive research under MiFID II), accountant fees, insurance premiums, rating agency fees, regulatory filings related to the Issuer’s activities, compliance services and computer software and services costs, programming, data entry services directly related to the management of the assets, services performed in connection with daily cash and position reconciliations, compliance testing, data, waterfall and portfolio modelling, and oversight of the Collateral Obligations or Eligible Investments, and review and assistance with respect to reporting functions, auditing functions, responding to corporate actions from the Custodian, account maintenance functions or other functions primarily performed by the Custodian, the Collateral Administrator, independent accountants or other service providers or agents of the Issuer and travel costs (including airfare, meals, lodging and other transportation) undertaken in connection with the performance by the Collateral Manager of its duties pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement or other Transaction Documents (including for the avoidance of doubt, travel expenses incurred in connection with the attendance of the Collateral Manager’s officers and employees at any bank or due diligence meetings), (iv) expenses and costs in connection with communication or meetings with any investors or potential investors (including, for the avoidance of doubt, expenses and costs in connection with any investor conferences),
(v) brokerage commissions, transfer fees, registration costs, taxes and other similar costs, including without limitation costs and expenses associated with loan and bond settlements, including settlement reconciliation, calculation of delayed compensation and complying with counterparty KYC and tax-related requirements, and any and all costs and expenses properly incurred in connection with the acquisition or disposition of investments on behalf of the Issuer (whether or not actually consummated) and management thereof including attorneys’ fees and disbursements, (vi) any out-of-pocket costs or expenses incurred by the Collateral Manager in connection with complying with the EU Retention Requirements, the EU Transparency Requirements and/or any U.S. Retention Regulations (to the extent applicable) (including any expenses incurred by the Collateral Manager in its capacity as the Retention Holder), and (vii) any expenses as otherwise agreed upon by the parties to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, provided that to the extent such expenses are incurred for the benefit of the Issuer and other entities affiliated with or advised by the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Manager shall make a good faith allocation of such expenses among all such entities and the Issuer and provided further that the Collateral Manager may elect to have the Issuer be responsible for and pay such expenses and costs directly if it so chooses. In addition, on the Issue Date, the Collateral Manager shall be reimbursed by the Issuer for all expenses of the types (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses) described above incurred by the Collateral Manager in connection with the acquisition of the initial Collateral Obligations and the issuance of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, any of the foregoing services or functions may, at the option of the Collateral Manager, be performed directly by personnel of the Collateral Manager without charge to the Issuer, but such an election shall not preclude the Collateral Manager from subsequently outsourcing any such services subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and functions and being entitled to be reimbursed for the corresponding costs and expenses.
Limits on Responsibility
The Collateral Manager will not be responsible for any action taken by the Issuer or, as the case may be, not taken, at the direction of the Collateral Manager. Without limiting the Collateral Manager’s indemnity described below, the Collateral Manager, its directors, members, officers, Affiliates, stockholders, partners, agents and employees will not be liable to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the other Secured Parties, or any other Person for any losses, claims, damages, judgments, assessments, costs, taxes or other liabilities whatsoever, including fees and expenses of counsel (collectively, “Liabilities”) incurred by the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the other Secured Parties, or any other Person that arise out of or in connection with the performance by the Collateral Manager of its duties under the Collateral Management and Collateral Administration Agreement, except where such Liabilities arise (a) by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad faith, fraud, gross negligence (as interpreted under New York Law) or wilful misconduct of the Collateral Manager in the performance of its obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement; or (b) with respect to the information concerning the Collateral Manager provided in writing by the Collateral Manager for inclusion in this Offering Circular if such information contains any untrue statement of material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained in such sections of this Offering Circular, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Matters described in (a) and (b) above are collectively referred to as “Collateral Manager Breaches” and each individually as a “Collateral Manager Breach”.
Issuer Indemnity
The Issuer will indemnify and hold harmless (the Issuer in such case, the “Indemnifying Party”) the Collateral Manager and its directors, members, officers, stockholders, partners, agents, employees and controlling persons (such parties each “Issuer Indemnified Persons”) from and against any and all Liabilities (other than Issuer UK Tax Representative Liabilities), and will reimburse each Issuer Indemnified Person for all documented fees and expenses (including documented fees and expenses of counsel) (collectively, the “Expenses”), as such Expenses are incurred in investigating, preparing, pursuing or defending any claim, action, proceeding or investigation with respect to any pending or threatened litigation (collectively, the “Actions”), caused by the entry into and the performance by the Collateral Manager of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and/or any action taken by, or any failure to act by, such Issuer Indemnified Person; provided that no Issuer Indemnified Person shall be indemnified for any Liabilities or Expenses it incurs: (a) as a result of any Collateral Manager Breach; or (b) in relation to any recoverable VAT and any tax on net income, profits or gains, in each case, in respect of income, profits or gains earned, accrued or derived by the Collateral Manager in the jurisdiction of its residence, of its incorporation or from where it carries on business. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement to the contrary, the obligations of the Issuer in this regard will be payable solely out of the Collateral in accordance with the Priorities of Payment as an Administrative Expense and the Issuer shall pay to the Collateral Manager all such indemnified amounts for the account of the Issuer Indemnified Person from time to time in accordance with the Conditions.
Issuer UK Tax Representative Indemnity
The Issuer will also agree to indemnify the Collateral Manager against any Issuer UK Tax Representative Liabilities provided that this shall not apply to the extent that such liabilities would not have arisen but as a direct consequence of a Collateral Manager Breach (as defined in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement). In addition to any other notification requirements set out in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Manager agrees that it will inform the Issuer as soon as it becomes aware that any such Issuer UK Tax Representative Liabilities may be incurred.
“Issuer UK Tax Representative Liability” means any liability of the Issuer to UK corporation tax, UK income tax or UK diverted profits tax (and in each case interest and/or penalties thereon) which is:
in the case of UK corporation tax or UK income tax, imposed on the Collateral Manager and recoverable from the Collateral Manager under Chapter 6 of Part 22 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010 or Chapter 2C of Part 14 of the Income Tax Act 2007 (in each case, as amended from time to time); and
in the case of UK diverted profits tax:
(i) imposed on the Collateral Manager and recoverable from the Collateral Manager under Part I of Schedule 16 to the Finance Act 2015 (as amended from time to time); and
(ii) a liability of the Issuer in relation to which HM Revenue & Customs has (A) issued to the Issuer a charging notice (within the meaning of section 95 of the Finance Act 2015 (as amended from time to time)), (B) given a copy of such notice to the Collateral Manager and (C) notified the Collateral Manager in writing that the Collateral Manager will be liable to pay such diverted profits tax were such diverted profits tax not paid by the Issuer,
together with, in each case, any costs or expenses reasonably incurred by the Collateral Manager in connection therewith (including, without limitation, properly incurred fees and expenses of legal counsel, together with any irrecoverable VAT payable thereon), provided in all cases that the amount of the Issuer UK Tax Representative Liability shall not include any amount of such tax to the extent such tax has been discharged by the Issuer.
Termination of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement

Automatic Termination of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement
The Collateral Management and Administration Agreement will automatically terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the payment in full of the Notes, in accordance with their terms, (ii) the liquidation of the Portfolio and the final distribution of the proceeds of such liquidation as provided in the Transaction Documents, and (iii) the determination in good faith by the Issuer that the Issuer or the Portfolio has become required to be registered under the Investment Company Act, and the Issuer notifies the Collateral Manager thereof.
Any rights of the Collateral Manager stated to survive the termination of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement shall remain vested in the Collateral Manager after such termination in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
Resignation
The Collateral Manager may resign, upon at least 90 days’ written notice to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, each Hedge Counterparty and each Rating Agency (or upon such shorter notice as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Collateral Manager). Any such resignation is without prejudice to and subject to fulfilment of the Collateral Manager’s obligations in respect of the Retention Notes (unless the same are subsequently transferred in accordance with the Retention Undertaking Letter (as described in “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements” below)).
Removal of the Collateral Manager for Cause
The Collateral Manager may be removed for Cause upon 30 Business Days’ prior written notice to the Collateral Manager, the Trustee, each Hedge Counterparty, the Collateral Administrator and each Rating Agency by (i) the Issuer at its discretion; or (ii) the Trustee, if so directed (a) in writing by the holders of the Controlling Class, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, (b) in the case of a Collateral Manager Insolvency Event, in writing by the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution (in each case subject to the Trustee being indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction), or (c) in the case of any Cause other than a Collateral Manager Insolvency Event, in writing by the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Extraordinary Resolution (in each case, excluding any CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes, any CM Non-Voting Notes and any Notes held by Collateral Manager Related Persons); provided that notice of such removal shall have been given to the holders of each Class of the Notes by the Issuer in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
For the purposes of determining “Cause” with respect to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement such term shall mean any one of the following events:
the Collateral Manager wilfully breaches, or wilfully takes any action which it knows is in breach of any material provision of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (it being understood that any action or failure to act by the Collateral Manager, including but not limited, to any decision to
buy or sell a Collateral Obligation (including its poor economic performance), based on its good faith interpretation (and where appropriate based on advice from legal counsel) of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement will not be considered a wilful breach) which breach (i) is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Controlling Class (it being understood that failure to meet any Portfolio Profile Test, Collateral Quality Test, Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test or Coverage Test is not a breach for purposes of this paragraph (a)), and (ii) if capable of being cured, is not cured within 30 days of the Collateral Manager becoming aware of, or the Collateral Manager receiving notice from the Issuer or the Trustee of, such breach or, if such breach is not capable of cured within 30 days but is capable of being cured within a longer period, the Collateral Manager fails to cure such breach within the period in which a reasonably prudent person could cure such breach (but in no event more than 90 days);
the Collateral Manager breaches in any respect any material provision of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (other than as specified in paragraph (a) above) which breach (i) is materially prejudicial to the interests of the Controlling Class (it being understood that failure to meet any Portfolio Profile Test, Collateral Quality Test, Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test or Coverage Test is not a breach for the purposes of this paragraph (b)) and (ii) if capable of being cured, is not cured within 30 days of the Collateral Manager becoming aware of, or the Collateral Manager receiving notice from the Issuer or the Trustee of, such breach or, if such breach is not capable of cured within 30 days but is capable of being cured within a longer period, the Collateral Manager fails to cure such breach within the period in which a reasonably prudent person could cure such breach (but in no event more than 90 days);
the Collateral Manager is wound up or is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger where a successor collateral manager succeeds the Collateral Manager and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents applicable to the Collateral Manager to the extent expressly contemplated under and subject to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement), or there is appointed over it or all or substantially all of its assets a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee or similar officer; or the Collateral Manager: (i) ceases to be able to, or admits in writing that it is unable to pay its debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986 as they become due and payable, or makes a general assignment for the benefit of, or seeks or enters into any composition or arrangement with, its creditors generally; (ii) applies for or consents (by admission of material allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, assignee, custodian, liquidator or sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Collateral Manager or of any substantial part of its properties or assets, or authorises such an application or consent, or proceedings seeking such appointment are commenced against the Collateral Manager without such authorisation, consent or application and either continue undismissed for 60 consecutive days or any such appointment is ordered by a court or regulatory body having jurisdiction; (iii) authorises or files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy, or applies for or consents (by admission of material allegations of a petition or otherwise) to the application of any bankruptcy, reorganisation, arrangement, readjustment of debt, insolvency, dissolution, or similar law, or authorises such application or consent, or proceedings to such end are instituted against the Collateral Manager without such authorisation, application or consent and remain undismissed for 60 consecutive days or result in adjudication of bankruptcy or insolvency or the issuance of an order for relief or equivalent procedure; or (iv) permits or suffers all or any substantial part of its properties or assets to be sequestered, subject to execution of distress or attached by court order and the order (if contested in good faith) remains undismissed for 60 consecutive days (each such event, a “Collateral Manager Insolvency Event”);
the occurrence and continuation of a Note Event of Default under Condition 10(a)(i) or (ii) (Note Events of Default) that arises directly from a breach of the Collateral Manager’s duties under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, which breach has not been cured during any applicable grace period;
any action is taken by the Collateral Manager, that constitutes fraud or criminal activity in the performance of the Collateral Manager’s obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, or the Collateral Manager being found guilty of having committed a criminal offence materially related to its principal business; or
the occurrence of a Collateral Manager Tax Event. “Collateral Manager Tax Event” means that:
the Issuer has become subject either (i) to any United Kingdom income tax or corporation tax or diverted profits tax liability as result of the Collateral Manager not complying with the Standard of Care or (ii) (A) unless the Collateral Manager is in compliance with the Tax Guidelines, to any U.S. federal income tax or (B) to United Kingdom tax by virtue of the Collateral Manager causing the Issuer to be carrying on a trade in the United Kingdom through a United Kingdom permanent establishment, in either case (other than in relation to diverted profits) on a net income or profits basis, or there being a substantial likelihood that the Issuer will become subject to such United Kingdom tax or such U.S. federal income tax, as a result of the activities of the Collateral Manager; and
the Collateral Manager has not (i) changed the location from which it provides its collateral management services under the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement so as to remedy or (ii) otherwise remedied or eliminated the occurrence of such event described in paragraph (a) above (including by the appointment of a replacement Collateral Manager in its place in accordance with the Transaction Documents) within 90 days of the date that the Collateral Manager is notified or otherwise first becomes aware of the occurrence of such event.
Appointment of Successor
Upon any removal or resignation of the Collateral Manager (except in the circumstances where it has become illegal for the Collateral Manager to carry on its duties under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement), the Collateral Manager will continue to act in such capacity until the appointment by the Issuer, at the direction of the holders of the Subordinated Notes, acting by Extraordinary Resolution, of an Eligible Successor in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, provided that the Controlling Class (acting by Extraordinary Resolution) does not object in writing to such successor within 30 days after receipt of notice of such appointment. The Issuer shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to appoint an Eligible Successor to assume the duties and obligations of the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement (provided that where the Retention Notes are not being transferred to such successor as described in “The Retention Holder and EU Retention and Transparency Requirements” below, the outgoing Collateral Manager shall continue to be bound by the Retention Undertaking Letter in respect of the Retention Notes and such provisions shall not apply to such successor). If within 60 days following a notice of resignation or removal, the holders of the Subordinated Notes (acting by Extraordinary Resolution) do not direct the Issuer to appoint an Eligible Successor or no Eligible Successor has been appointed and accepted such appointment, then the holders of the Controlling Class, (acting by Extraordinary Resolution) may direct the Issuer to appoint an Eligible Successor and the Issuer shall appoint such successor unless the holders of all Rated Notes (voting as a single class) object to such appointment (acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution). If within 90 days following a notice of resignation or removal no Eligible Successor has been appointed and accepted such appointment, the Collateral Manager may petition a court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of an Eligible Successor. For the avoidance of doubt (i) no Notes held in the form of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes or CM Non-Voting Notes shall have any voting rights with respect to and shall not be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the results of voting any CM Replacement Resolution but shall carry a right to vote on and be counted in respect of all other matters in respect of which the CM Voting Notes have a right to vote and be counted; and (ii) no Notes held by the Collateral Manager shall have any voting rights with respect to and shall not be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum and the results of voting any CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution.
“Eligible Successor” means an established institution which (1) has demonstrated an ability to professionally and competently perform duties reasonably comparable to those imposed upon the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, (2) is legally qualified and has the regulatory capacity to act as successor to the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement in the assumption of all of the responsibilities, duties and obligations of the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and under the terms of the Trust Deed applicable to the Collateral Manager and has the Irish regulatory capacity to render the services as set out in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement to Irish counterparties such as the Issuer, (3) receives Rating Agency Confirmation (provided that Rating Agency Confirmation from S&P shall not be required so long as S&P is notified by or on
behalf of the Issuer of such appointment), (4) will not cause either of the Issuer or the Portfolio to become required to register under the provisions of the Investment Company Act, (5) will not cause the Issuer to be subject to net income taxation outside its jurisdiction of incorporation or to be engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes or cause any other material adverse tax consequences to the Issuer; and (6) if it is to be the relevant retention party for the purposes of the EU Retention Requirements, the transfer of the Retention Notes to such entity is permitted under and contemplated by the Retention Undertaking Letter, permitted under the EU Retention Requirements and would not cause the transaction described in this Offering Circular to cease to be compliant with the EU Retention Requirements and such institution has agreed to purchase and hold the Retention Notes.
Subject to and in accordance with Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver), upon the appointment of a successor collateral manager, the Trustee shall agree to any amendment to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement to modify the duties, fees (and in the case of any modification which increases the Senior Management Fees) and obligations of such collateral manager, subject to the prior consent of the Subordinated Noteholders acting by Ordinary Resolution and the Controlling Class acting by Extraordinary Resolution (in each case excluding (x) any CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes, (y) any CM Non-Voting Notes and (z) any Notes held by the Collateral Manager or its Affiliates and/or any Notes over which the Collateral Manager or any Affiliate thereof has discretionary voting authority) and each other party to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
The Collateral Manager shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to transfer all of the Class Z Notes it holds to the successor collateral manager.
Upon notice of removal or resignation of the Collateral Manager
In the event that the Collateral Manager has received notice that it will be removed or has given notice of its resignation, until a successor Collateral Manager has been appointed and has accepted such appointment in accordance with the terms specified in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, purchases and sales of Collateral Obligations shall be only made in relation to sale of Margin Stock, Credit Risk Obligations and Defaulted Obligations (in addition to any purchase or sale trades initiated prior to such removal, termination or resignation).
Delegation
Save for the delegation of signing authority to agent banks in connection with amendments to the terms of Collateral Obligations and the performance of any of its duties either directly or by or through agents or attorneys, the obligations of the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement may not be delegated, in whole or in part, except to an Affiliate that is legally qualified and has the requisite regulatory capacity including the Irish regulatory capacity to render the services as set out in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, provided that such appointment will not (i) cause the Issuer to be subject to net income taxation outside its jurisdiction of incorporation, be engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) result in the Collateral Management Fees becoming subject to value added or similar tax or otherwise cause any other material adverse tax consequences to the Issuer, (iii) cause the Issuer or any of the Collateral to be required to register as an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act or (iv) cause the transaction described in this Offering Circular to be non-compliant with the EU Retention Requirements or the U.S. Retention Regulations (to the extent applicable). Notwithstanding any consent, no such delegation of duties by the Collateral Manager shall relieve it from any liability under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
Assignments and Transfers
The Collateral Manager may assign or transfer its rights or obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement upon notice of such assignment or transfer being given by the Collateral Manager to the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator and the Trustee, subject to the prior written consent of the Issuer and receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation in respect thereof, and subject to such assignee having the requisite regulatory capacity; provided, that, to the extent permitted by the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, such consent and Rating Agency Confirmation shall not be required in the case of (i) any assignment to a Permitted Assignee, in which case the Collateral Manager will notify the Issuer of such assignment and the
Issuer shall notify the Noteholders and each Rating Agency of any such assignment in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) or (ii) any “assignment” that is deemed to have occurred under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, solely as a result of a change of control of the Collateral Manager (a “Regulatory Assignment”), in which case the Issuer, acting through its board of directors, will have the authority to consent to such Regulatory Assignment in its sole discretion. A “Permitted Assignee”, for the purposes of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, means an Affiliate of the Collateral Manager that (i) is legally qualified and has the regulatory capacity to act as Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement including the Irish regulatory capacity to render the services as set out in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement to Irish counterparties such as the Issuer; (ii) has the ability to professionally and competently perform duties similar to those imposed upon the Collateral Manager under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement with a substantially similar (or better) level of expertise;
(iii) the appointment of which will not cause either of the Issuer or the Collateral to become required to register under the provisions of the Investment Company Act; (iv) the appointment of which will not cause the Issuer to be subject to net income taxation outside its jurisdiction of incorporation, be engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, result in the Collateral Management Fees becoming subject to VAT or similar tax or cause any other material adverse tax consequences to the Issuer; and (v) the appointment of which will not cause the transaction described in this Offering Circular to be non-compliant with the EU Retention Requirements or the U.S. Retention Regulations (to the extent applicable).
The Issuer may not assign its rights under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement without the prior written consent of the Collateral Manager, the holders of each Class of Notes (excluding any holders of CM Non-Voting Notes and CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes) acting by Ordinary Resolution, each voting as a separate Class, and subject to Rating Agency Confirmation, except in the case of an assignment by the Issuer (i) to an entity that is a successor to the Issuer permitted under the Trust Deed or (ii) to the Trustee.
In the event of any assignment or transfer by a party to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the assignee or transferee shall execute and deliver such documents as may be reasonably necessary to effect fully such assignment or transfer and the assignee or transferee shall be required to make all the representations, mutatis mutandis, as set out therein as on the date of assignment or transfer, provided that the assignor or transferor will not thereby be relieved of any of its duties or obligations in respect of the Retention Notes or otherwise unless the assignee or transferee agrees in writing with all other parties to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement to assume such duties or obligations. Any transfer of obligations made in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement shall bind the transferee in the same manner as the transferor is bound. In addition, in the case of an assignment or transfer by the Collateral Manager, the assignee or transferee shall execute and deliver to the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and the Rating Agencies then rating the Notes a counterpart of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement naming such assignee or transferee as the Collateral Manager. In the case of a transfer of obligations, upon the execution and delivery of such a counterpart by the relevant transferee, the Collateral Manager shall be released from further obligations pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and the Retention Undertaking Letter, except with respect to its agreements and obligations arising under various sections of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement in respect of acts or omissions occurring prior to such transfer and except with respect to its obligations under certain provisions relating to confidentiality, limited recourse and non-petition and, only if the Retention Notes have not been transferred to the relevant transferee in accordance with the terms of the Retention Undertaking Letter (or such Retention has not otherwise been sold by the Retention Holder to the extent permitted pursuant to the Retention Undertaking Letter), in respect of the Retention Notes.
No Voting Rights
In connection with a CM Removal Resolution or a CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution, Notes held by (a) Collateral Manager Related Persons shall not be entitled to vote or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting in respect of such CM Removal Resolution, and
(b) the Collateral Manager shall not be entitled to vote or be counted for the purposes of determining a quorum or the result of voting in respect of such CM Replacement Resolution following a CM Removal Resolution.
Other Duties of the Collateral Manager
Together with its obligations under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and subject to the Standard of Care required thereunder (as described above), the Collateral Manager has in place and operates
internal policies and procedures to administer and manage the Collateral Obligations and similar portfolios. Such policies and procedures include, in the case of the Collateral Obligations, systems for identifying Credit Risk Obligations and Defaulted Obligations.
Under the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, subject to the Standard of Care required thereunder (as described above), the Collateral Manager will represent that:
the Collateral Manager will diversify the Collateral Obligations contained in the Portfolio in accordance with the Portfolio Profile Tests;
the Collateral Manager will measure and monitor the credit risk of the Collateral Obligations as per the methodologies set out in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement; and
the Collateral Manager will consult with the Collateral Administrator for the purposes of compiling each Monthly Report and Payment Date Report which will provide information intended to facilitate investors in their conducting of stress tests on the cash flows and collateral values supporting the Notes.
The Collateral Manager will also provide the Collateral Administrator with written confirmation (and upon which confirmation the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to rely without enquiry and without liability for so relying) that the Collateral Manager has not sold, hedged or otherwise mitigated its credit risk under or associated with the Retention Notes or the underlying portfolio of Collateral Obligations, except to the extent permitted in accordance with the EU Retention Requirements.
THE RETENTION HOLDER AND EU RETENTION AND TRANSPARENCY REQUIREMENTS

Description of the Retention Holder
Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited shall act as Retention Holder for the purposes of the EU Retention Requirements. The description and the address of Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited are set out in the “Description of the Collateral Manager” section of this Offering Circular.
The Collateral Manager believes that it is an “originator” (as such term is defined in, and for the purposes of, the EU Retention Requirements) and will represent and warrant that the Originator Requirement has been satisfied on the Issue Date and that the Collateral Manager has “established” and is “managing” (as such terms are used in Article 3(4)(a) of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 625/2014) the transaction as contemplated by the Transaction Documents.
The Retention
On the Issue Date, the Collateral Manager in its capacity as Retention Holder will sign the Retention Undertaking Letter addressed to the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, the Sole Arranger and the Initial Purchaser.
The Retention Holder will represent and warrant in the Retention Undertaking Letter that the Originator Requirement has been satisfied on the Issue Date.
Other than the representations and covenants summarised below, neither the Collateral Manager nor the Retention Holder makes any representation or gives any undertaking as to whether it satisfies the description of “originator” for the purposes of the EU Retention Requirements.
Prospective investors should consider the discussion in “Risk Factors – Regulatory Initiatives – Risk Retention and Transparency Requirements – EU Retention and Transparency Requirements” above.
Under the Retention Undertaking Letter, the Retention Holder will, for so long as any Notes are outstanding:
undertake to, on the Issue Date, subscribe for and (except to the extent permitted in accordance with the EU Retention Requirements) hold on an ongoing basis for so long as any Class of Notes remains Outstanding, a material net economic interest of not less than 5 per cent. of the nominal value of each of the tranches sold or transferred to investors pursuant to Article 6(3)(a) of the Securitisation Regulation, as in force as at the Issue Date (the “Retention Notes”);
agree not to sell, hedge or otherwise mitigate its credit risk under or associated with the Retention Notes, except to the extent permitted in accordance with the EU Retention Requirements;
subject to any regulatory requirements and at any time prior to the Maturity Date of the Notes, agree to
(i) take such further reasonable action, (ii) provide such information which is in the possession of the Retention Holder (or reasonably available to it) relating to its holding of the Retention Notes (on a confidential basis and at the expense of the party seeking the relevant information), provided that the provision of such information would not breach any confidentiality undertaking, obligation or order to which the Retention Holder is subject, and (iii) enter into such other agreements as may be reasonably required, to satisfy the EU Retention Requirements, in each case in connection with the EU Retention Requirements applicable as at the Issue Date only;
agree to confirm in writing (which may be by way of email) (i) promptly upon the request of the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator, Initial Purchaser or Issuer and (ii) to the Collateral Administrator on or before the twelfth day of each month for the purposes of inclusion of such confirmation in each Monthly Report, its continued compliance with the covenants set out at paragraphs (a) and (b) above;
agree that it shall promptly notify the Issuer, the Trustee, the Collateral Administrator and the Initial Purchaser in writing (which may be by way of email) if for any reason it (i) ceases to hold the Retention Notes in accordance with paragraph (a) above or (ii) fails to comply with the covenants set out in paragraph (b) or (c) in any material way; and
represent and warrant that:
(i) in relation to every Originated Asset, on or before the Issue Date it will have committed to purchase such Collateral Obligation on its own account prior to securitising it;
(ii) in each case as a factual matter only, the Retention Holder:
(A) in its reasonable belief, has established the securitisation scheme consisting of the issuance by the Issuer of the Notes described in this Offering Circular; and
(B) is managing the transaction;
(iii) it is not an entity that has been established or that operates for the sole purpose of securitising exposures for the purposes of the Securitisation Regulation; and
(iv) the Originator Requirement is satisfied on the Issue Date.
If a successor Collateral Manager is appointed in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, then, notwithstanding the above, the Collateral Manager, in its capacity as Retention Holder, may sell the Retention Notes to such successor (at a price agreed by the parties to such sale) provided that:
(i) such sale is not restricted by the EU Retention Requirements; or
(ii) such sale would not cause the transaction described in this Offering Circular to be non-compliant with the EU Retention Requirements; and
(iii) such successor shall, by way of entry into of the Retention Undertaking Letter, commit to acquire and retain the Retention Notes and provide representations, warranties and covenants substantially similar to those set out in the Retention Undertaking Letter in relation to the EU Retention Requirements.
If a successor Collateral Manager is appointed in accordance with the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and the outgoing Collateral Manager, in its capacity as Retention Holder, as described above does not sell the Retention Notes (either to such successor Collateral Manager or as otherwise permitted in accordance with paragraph (b) above), such outgoing Collateral Manager, in its capacity as Retention Holder, shall continue to be bound by the provisions of the Retention Undertaking Letter in respect of the Retention Notes and such provisions shall not apply to such successor.
On the Issue Date, the Retention Holder intends to obtain financing for the acquisition of the Retention Notes.
Originator Requirement
By way of background, the Securitisation Regulation definition of an “originator” refers to an entity which:
itself or through related entities, directly or indirectly, was involved in the original agreement which created the obligations being securitised; or
purchases third party exposures “on its own account” and then securitises them.
Article 3(4) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 625/2014 provides that, where the securitised exposures are created by multiple originators (as is the case in a managed CLO, where assets are acquired from numerous sellers in the market), the retention requirements may be fulfilled in full by a single originator in circumstances where the relevant originator has established and is managing the scheme.
Origination of the Collateral Obligations
Prior to the Issue Date, the Retention Holder and the Issuer will enter into the Conditional Sale Agreement whereby the Retention Holder will identify certain assets it has selected for purchase by the Issuer that have an aggregate principal amount equal to at least 5.0% of the Target Par Amount (each, an “Originated Asset” and
collectively, the “Originated Assets”) and the Retention Holder will agree to purchase such Originated Assets from the Issuer if certain terms and conditions are satisfied, including that any such Originated Asset is or becomes a Defaulted Obligation during the 15 day period following the later to occur of (a) the Issuer’s acquisition of such asset (b) the designation of such asset as an Originated Asset (the “Seasoning Period”). Any such purchase by the Retention Holder from the Issuer shall be at the price at which the Issuer acquired such Originated Asset; provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the obligation of the Retention Holder to purchase an Originated Asset from the Issuer shall terminate following the end of such Seasoning Period.
Comparable Assets

The Retention Holder is aware of its obligations under Article 6(2) of the Securitisation Regulation and will not select Originated Assets to be transferred to, or acquired by, the Issuer with the aim of rendering losses on such assets, over a maximum period of four years, higher than the losses over the same period on comparable assets held on its balance sheet.
Credit Granting Criteria

Originators, sponsors and original lenders are required under Article 9 of the Securitisation Regulation to:
(a) apply to exposures to be securitised the same sound and well-defined criteria for credit-granting which they apply to non-securitised exposures; (b) to that end, apply the same clearly established processes for approving and, where relevant, amending, renewing and refinancing credits; and (c) have effective systems in place to apply those criteria and processes in order to ensure that credit-granting is based on a thorough assessment of the obligor’s creditworthiness taking appropriate account of factors relevant to verifying the prospect of the obligor meeting his obligations under the credit agreement.
The Securitisation Regulation also specifies that where an originator purchases a third party’s exposures on its own account and then securitises them, that originator shall verify that the entity which was, directly or indirectly, involved in the original agreement which created the obligations or potential obligations to be securitised fulfils the requirements referred to in the paragraph above.
The Collateral Manager shall act in accordance with its Standard of Care to ensure that, in respect of each Originated Asset, it will verify such matters in respect of the original lender(s) to the Originated Assets and such verification may have been made by confirming that the original syndicate of lenders in respect of an Originated Asset has at least one credit institution that is subject to Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as the same may be amended from time to time).
Securitisation Regulation

Transparency Requirements

In accordance with Article 7(2) of the Securitisation Regulation, each of the originator, the sponsor and the Issuer are required to designate amongst themselves one entity to fulfil the reporting obligations of Article 7(1) of the Securitisation Regulation. The Issuer has agreed to be the designated entity. This Offering Circular serves as the transaction summary for the purposes of Article 7(1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation.
In relation to the reporting obligations in the EU Transparency Requirements and pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement:
(a) the Collateral Manager will undertake to use its reasonable endeavours to provide to the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer (and any applicable third party reporting entity) any reports, data and other information (or access to such information):
(i) which is in the possession of the Collateral Manager;
(ii) which is not subject to legal or contractual restrictions on its disclosure (unless the relevant information can be summarised or disclosed in an anonymised form, as appropriate);
(iii) to which the Collateral Administrator does not otherwise have access in the ordinary course of its collateral administration duties, which is not already required to be provided to the Issuer directly or which is not otherwise in the Issuer’s possession (in each case, as applicable); and
(iv) which is required by the Collateral Administrator and the Issuer in connection with the proper performance by the Issuer, as the reporting entity, of its obligation to make available to the Noteholders, potential investors in the Notes and the competent authorities the reports and information necessary for the Issuer to fulfil the reporting requirements of the EU Transparency Requirements;
(b) the Issuer, in consultation with the Collateral Manager, shall procure the compilation of each of the Loan Reports and Investor Reports (each as defined in the Conditions), in each case in the form required by and in accordance with the frequency requirements set out in the EU Transparency Requirements; and
(c) the Collateral Administrator shall make such Loan Reports and Investor Reports, together with any other information, data and reports (in each case as provided to it and instructed by the Collateral Manager and the Issuer) available to the Relevant Recipients via the Reporting Website or such other method of dissemination as is required by the Securitisation Regulation (as notified to the Collateral Administrator by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and as agreed with the Collateral Administrator) as provided to it.
The Collateral Administrator shall not assume any responsibility for the Issuer’s obligations as the entity responsible for fulfilling the reporting obligations under the EU Transparency Requirements. In making available such information, documents and reporting, the Collateral Administrator also assumes no responsibility or liability to any third party, including the Noteholders and potential Noteholders (including for their use and/or onward disclosure of such information, documents and reporting), and shall have the benefit of the powers, protections and indemnities granted to it under the Transaction Documents.
DESCRIPTION OF THE COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR

General
The information appearing in this sub-section has been prepared by the Collateral Administrator and has not been independently verified by the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser or any other party. None of the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger or any other party other than the Collateral Administrator assumes any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of such information.

The Issuer confirms that the information appearing in this sub-section has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Issuer is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.

The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch is a branch of a Belgian limited liability company established 30 September 2008 under the form of a Société Anonyme/Naamloze Vennootschap located at Riverside II, Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV was granted its banking license by the former CBFA on 10 March 2009. It has its headquarters and main establishment at 46 rue Montoyerstraat, 1000 Bruxelles/Brussels. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV is a subsidiary of BNY Mellon, the main banking subsidiary of The BNY Mellon Corporation. It is under the prudential supervision of the National Bank of Belgium and regulated by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority in respect of the conduct of its business. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV engages in global custody, local custody, global clearing, global collateral management, global markets, securities lending and depot bank. The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV operates from locations in Belgium, The Netherlands, Germany, London, Luxembourg, Paris and Dublin.
Termination and Resignation of Appointment of the Collateral Administrator
Pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, the Collateral Administrator may be removed: (a) without cause at any time upon at least 90 days’ prior written notice; or (b) with cause upon at least 10 days’ prior written notice in each case by the Issuer at its discretion or the Trustee acting upon the written directions of the holders of the Subordinated Notes acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution and subject to the Trustee being secured and/or indemnified and/or prefunded to its satisfaction. In addition the Collateral Administrator may also resign its appointment without cause on at least 45 days’ prior written notice and with cause upon at least 10 days’ prior written notice to the Issuer, the Trustee and the Collateral Manager. No resignation or removal of the Collateral Administrator will be effective until a successor collateral administrator has been appointed pursuant to the terms of the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement.
HEDGING ARRANGEMENTS
The following section consists of a summary of certain provisions which, pursuant to the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, are required to be contained in each Hedge Agreement and Hedge Transaction. Such summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of each Hedge Agreement and Hedge Transaction. The terms of a Hedge Agreement or Hedge Transaction may differ from the description provided herein, subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation in respect thereof or without Rating Agency Confirmation if such Hedge Transaction constitutes a Form Approved Hedge.

Hedge Agreements
Subject to the satisfaction of the Hedging Condition, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) may enter into transactions documented under a 1992 (Multicurrency – Cross Border) or 2002 Master Agreement or such other form published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (“ISDA”). Each Hedge Transaction will be evidenced by a confirmation entered into pursuant to a Hedge Agreement.
Each Hedge Transaction will be for the purposes of:
in the case of an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction, hedging any interest rate mismatch between the Rated Notes and the Collateral Obligations; and
in the case of a Currency Hedge Transaction, exchanging payments of principal, interest and other amounts in respect of any Non-Euro Obligation for amounts denominated in Euros at the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate,
in each case subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation in respect thereof (save in the case of a Form Approved Hedge) and provided that the Hedge Counterparty satisfies the applicable Rating Requirement (taking into account any guarantor thereof) and any applicable regulatory requirements (including the Irish regulatory capacity to enter into derivative transactions with Irish residents).
The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may purchase Non-Euro Obligations provided that, such obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Currency and (x) if such obligation is denominated in a Qualifying Unhedged Obligation Currency within 180 calendar days of the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such obligation, and otherwise (y) no later than the settlement of the purchase by the Issuer of such Collateral Obligation, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) enters into a Currency Hedge Transaction with a notional amount in the relevant currency equal to the aggregate principal amount of such obligation and otherwise complies with the requirements in respect of Currency Hedge Obligations hereunder (and such obligation is not convertible into or payable in any other currency).
For the avoidance of doubt, the ability of the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf to enter into any Currency Hedge Transactions, and therefore the ability of the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf to acquire Non-Euro Obligations, is subject to the satisfaction of the Hedging Condition.
“Form Approved Hedge” means either (i) an Interest Rate Hedge Transaction the documentation for and structure of which conforms to a form for which Rating Agency Confirmation has been received by the Issuer or which has previously been approved by the Rating Agencies and in respect of which the Rating Agencies have not notified the Issuer or Collateral Manager that such approval has been withdrawn and (in each case save for the amount and timing of periodic payments, the name of the Collateral Obligation, the notional amount, the effective date, the termination date and other consequential and immaterial changes which have been notified in writing to the Rating Agencies), (ii) a Currency Hedge Transaction the documentation for and structure of which conforms to a form for which Rating Agency Confirmation has been received by the Issuer or which has previously been approved by the Rating Agencies and in respect of which the Rating Agencies have not notified the Issuer or Collateral Manager that such approval has been withdrawn (in each case save for the amount and timing of periodic payments, the name of the Currency Hedge Obligation, the notional amount, the effective date, the termination date and other consequential and immaterial changes which have been notified in writing to the Rating Agencies) or (iii) a FX Forward Transaction the documentation for and structure of which conforms to a form for which Rating Agency Confirmation has been received by the Issuer or which has previously been approved by the Rating Agencies and in respect of which the Rating Agencies have not notified the Issuer or Collateral Manager
that such approval has been withdrawn (in each case save for the amount and timing of periodic payments, the name of the Principal Hedged Obligation, the notional amount, the effective date, the termination date and other consequential and immaterial changes which have been notified in writing to the Rating Agencies).
“Hedging Condition” means, in respect of a Hedge Agreement or a Hedge Transaction, receipt by the Collateral Manager of legal advice from reputable legal counsel to the effect that the entry into such arrangements should not require any of the Issuer, its Directors or officers or the Collateral Manager or its directors, officers or employees to register with the United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission as a commodity pool operator or a commodity trading advisor pursuant to the CEA.
Replacement Hedge Transactions
Currency Hedge Transactions: In the event that any Currency Hedge Transaction terminates in whole at any time other than in circumstances where the Collateral Manager intends to sell the related Non-Euro Obligation on behalf of the Issuer or a Redemption Date has or is scheduled to occur, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to enter into a replacement Currency Hedge Transaction within 30 days of the termination thereof with a counterparty which (or whose guarantor) satisfies the applicable Rating Requirement and any applicable regulatory requirements (including the Irish regulatory capacity to enter into derivative transactions with Irish residents).
Interest Rate Hedge Transactions: In the event that any Interest Rate Hedge Transaction terminates in whole at any time in circumstances in which the applicable Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty is the Defaulting Hedge Counterparty, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) shall use commercially reasonable endeavours to enter into a replacement Interest Rate Hedge Transaction within 30 days of the termination thereof with a counterparty which (or whose guarantor) satisfies the applicable Rating Requirement and any applicable regulatory requirements and which has the Irish regulatory capacity to enter into derivative transactions with Irish residents.
FX Forward Transactions: In the event that an FX Forward Transaction terminates in whole at any time in circumstances which the applicable FX Forward Counterparty is the Defaulting Hedge Counterparty, the Issuer, or the Collateral Manager on its behalf, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into a replacement FX Forward Transaction within 30 days of termination thereof with an FX Forward Counterparty which (or whose guarantor) satisfies the applicable Ratings Requirement.
Standard Terms of Currency Hedge Transactions
Any Currency Hedge Transaction shall contain the following terms (provided that the Issuer may enter into Currency Hedge Transactions on different terms than those set forth below, subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation in respect thereof or such Currency Hedge Transaction being a Form Approved Hedge):
on the effective date of entry into such transaction, the Issuer pays to the Currency Hedge Counterparty an initial exchange amount in Euros equal to the purchase price of such Non-Euro Obligation, converted into Euros at the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate in exchange for payment by the Currency Hedge Counterparty of an initial exchange amount in the relevant currency equal to the purchase price of such Non-Euro Obligation;
on the scheduled date of termination of such transaction, which shall be the date falling two Business Days after the date on which the Non-Euro Obligation is scheduled to mature or such later date as otherwise specified in the relevant confirmation, the Issuer pays to the Currency Hedge Counterparty a final exchange amount equal to the amount payable upon maturity of the Non-Euro Obligation in the relevant currency (the “Proceeds on Maturity”) in exchange for payment by the Currency Hedge Counterparty of a final exchange amount denominated in Euros, such final exchange amount to be an amount equal to the Proceeds on Maturity converted into Euros at the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate;
two Business Days following the date of each scheduled payment of interest on the related Non-Euro Obligation or such later date as otherwise specified in the relevant confirmation, the Issuer pays to the Currency Hedge Counterparty an amount in the relevant non-Euro currency based on the principal
amount outstanding from time to time of the relevant Non-Euro Obligation (the “Non-Euro Notional Amount”) and the Currency Hedge Counterparty will pay to the Issuer an amount based on the outstanding principal amount of the related Non-Euro Obligation converted into Euros at the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate (the “Euro Notional Amount”); and
following the sale of any Non-Euro Obligation, the Issuer shall pay to the Currency Hedge Counterparty an amount equal to the sale proceeds of such Non-Euro Obligation in the relevant currency (the “Proceeds on Sale”) in exchange for payment by the Currency Hedge Counterparty of an amount denominated in Euros, such amount to be an amount equal to the Proceeds on Sale converted into Euros at the Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange Rate less any amounts payable to the Currency Hedge Counterparty in respect of the early termination of the relevant Currency Hedge Transaction (but, for the avoidance of doubt, no breakage or other costs will be payable to the Currency Hedge Counterparty in connection with a prepayment, repayment or redemption of the related Non-Euro Obligation).
The Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, shall convert all amounts received by it in respect of any Non-Euro Obligation which is not the subject of a related Currency Hedge Transaction into Euros promptly upon receipt thereof at the then prevailing Spot Rate and shall procure that such amounts are paid into the Principal Account or the Interest Account, as applicable. The Collateral Manager (on behalf of the Issuer) is also authorised to enter into spot exchange transactions, as necessary, to fund the Issuer’s payment obligations under any Currency Hedge Transaction.
All amounts received by the Issuer in respect of Non-Euro Obligations shall be paid into the appropriate Currency Account and all amounts payable by the Issuer under any Currency Hedge Transaction (other than any initial exchange amounts payable in Euros by the Issuer, any Hedge Replacement Payments and any Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payments save to the extent otherwise provided in Condition 3(l)(ix) (Currency Accounts)), will be paid out of the appropriate Currency Account, in each case to the extent amounts are available therein.
The Issuer shall only be obliged to pay Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge Issuer Payments to a Currency Hedge Counterparty if and to the extent it actually receives the corresponding amount in respect of the relevant Non-Euro Obligation.
Upon the acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration), and upon the Trustee (or any agent or appointee thereof), the Collateral Manager or any other agent of the Issuer (including any insolvency practitioner, receiver or equivalent such person in any relevant jurisdiction), selling the relevant Non-Euro Obligation, the Currency Hedge Counterparty shall receive the proceeds of the sale of the Non-Euro Obligation from the Currency Account of the Issuer, outside of the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments and return the Euro equivalent amount owing, less any amount payable to the Currency Hedge Counterparty in respect of the early termination of the Currency Hedge Transaction in connection with such sale and the Currency Hedge Transaction shall terminate in accordance with its terms.
Notwithstanding the above, upon the insolvency of the Issuer and/or the acceleration of the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration), the Currency Hedge Counterparty may, but shall not be obliged to, terminate any or all Currency Hedge Transactions in which case any Currency Hedge Issuer Termination Payment would be paid (following acceleration of the Notes) in accordance with Condition 10(b) (Acceleration) and the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments.
Standard Terms of FX Forward Transactions
The Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may, subject to the Collateral Manager believing in its reasonable judgment that the Issuer will be able to enter into a Currency Hedge Transaction in relation to a Non-Euro Obligation, enter into an FX Forward Transaction with respect to an Unhedged Collateral Obligation with an FX Forward Counterparty pursuant to the terms of which the Issuer will be required to pay to the FX Forward Counterparty on a date specified (such date being no later than three months after the date of entry into such FX Forward Transaction), an amount of Euro in exchange for an amount equal to (and in the same currency as) the principal amount of such Principal Hedged Obligation at the rate specified therein.
Transactions entered into under an FX Forward Agreement are documented in confirmations to such FX Forward Agreement. Each transaction will be evidenced by a confirmation entered into pursuant to an FX Forward
Agreement (each an “FX Forward Transaction”). An FX Forward Transaction, if entered into, will be used to hedge the currency mismatch between the Notes and any Non-Euro Obligations.
Upon expiry of an FX Forward Transaction, the Issuer will pay a non-Euro amount to the FX Forward Counterparty which amount shall be funded from (a) where a Currency Hedge Transaction is entered into prior to the expiry of the FX Forward Transaction, the non-Euro amount payable by the Currency Hedge Counterparty;
(b) where the Principal Hedged Obligation is sold upon expiry of the FX Forward Transaction, the sale proceeds of such Principal Hedged Obligation; or (c) where a prepayment or a default of a Principal Hedged Obligation occurs, any proceeds received in respect of such Principal Hedged Obligation prior to the expiry of the FX Forward Transaction. With respect to (b) and (c), any shortfall in the proceeds available to pay the FX Forward Counterparty shall be funded by amounts from the Principal Account converted into the relevant currency, provided that in the case of (b), the Principal Hedged Obligation was sold at a price below par, and in the case of (c), the Principal Hedged Obligation defaulted before the FX Forward Transaction expired.
Where a Currency Hedge Transaction is to be entered into in respect of a Principal Hedged Obligation, such Currency Hedge Transaction shall be entered into prior to the expiry of the FX Forward Transaction related to such Currency Hedge Transaction and the non-Euro amount payable by the Currency Hedge Counterparty as an initial exchange amount under such Currency Hedge Transaction shall be applied in payment of the non-Euro amount payable to the FX Forward Counterparty on expiry of such FX Forward Transaction.
Standard Terms of Hedge Agreements
Each Hedge Agreement entered into by or on behalf of the Issuer shall contain the following standard provisions, save to the extent that any change thereto is agreed by the applicable Hedge Counterparty and subject to receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation in respect thereof (other than in respect of any Form Approved Hedges).
Gross up

Under each Hedge Agreement, the Issuer will not be obliged to gross up any payments thereunder, however the applicable Hedge Counterparty may in certain circumstances be obliged to gross up a payment thereunder in the event of any withholding or deduction for or on account of tax required to be paid on such payments provided that any withholding or deduction for or on account of FATCA may be excluded from such gross up obligations. Any such event may however result in a “Tax Event” which is a “Termination Event” for the purposes of the relevant Hedge Agreement. In the event of the occurrence of a Tax Event (as defined in such Hedge Agreement), each Hedge Agreement will include provision for the relevant Affected Party (as defined therein) to use reasonable endeavours to (i) (in the case of the Hedge Counterparty) arrange for a transfer of all of its interests and obligations under the Hedge Agreement and all Transactions (as defined in the Hedge Agreement) thereunder to an Affiliate that is incorporated in another jurisdiction so as to avoid the requirement to withhold or deduct for or on account of tax; or (ii) (in the case of the Issuer) if a substitute principal obligor under the Notes has been substituted for the Issuer in accordance with Condition 9 (Taxation), arrange for a transfer of all of its interest and obligations under the Hedge Agreement and all Transactions thereunder to that substitute principal obligor so as to avoid the requirement to withhold or deduct for or on account of tax subject to satisfaction of the conditions specified therein (including receipt of Rating Agency Confirmation).
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition

The obligations of the Issuer under each Hedge Agreement will be limited to the proceeds of enforcement of the Collateral as applied in accordance with the Priorities of Payment set out in Condition 3(c) (Priorities of Payment); provided that any Counterparty Downgrade Collateral standing to the credit of a Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Account shall be applied and delivered by the Issuer (or by the Collateral Manager on its behalf) in accordance with Condition 3(l)(v) (Counterparty Downgrade Collateral Accounts). The Issuer will have the benefit of non-petition language similar to the language set out in Condition 4(c) (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition).
Termination Provisions

Each Hedge Agreement may terminate by its terms, whether or not the Notes have been paid in full prior to such termination, upon the earlier to occur of certain events, which may include but are not limited to:
certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or reorganisation of the Issuer or the related Hedge Counterparty;
failure on the part of the Issuer or the related Hedge Counterparty to make any payment under the applicable Hedge Agreement after taking into account the applicable grace period;
a change in law making it illegal for either the Issuer or the related Hedge Counterparty to be a party to, or perform its obligations under, the applicable Hedge Agreement;
a change in the regulatory status of the Issuer which cannot be remedied by a modification of the relevant Hedge Agreement, as further described in the relevant Hedge Agreement;
any amendment to any provisions of the Transaction Documents without the written consent of the Hedge Counterparty which would have a material adverse effect on its rights thereunder, or as further described in the relevant Hedge Agreement;
failure by a Hedge Counterparty to comply with the requirements of the Rating Agencies in the event that it (or, as relevant, its guarantor) is subject to a rating withdrawal or downgrade by the Rating Agencies to below the applicable Rating Requirement;
upon the early redemption in full or acceleration of the Notes; and any other event as specified in the relevant Hedge Agreement.
Hedge Agreements commonly also contain provisions which allow a Hedge Counterparty to terminate a Hedge Transaction upon the occurrence of certain credit events or restructurings related to the underlying Non-Euro Obligation. These events could potentially be triggered in circumstances where the related Collateral Obligation would not constitute a Defaulted Obligation.
A termination of a Hedge Agreement or Hedge Transaction does not constitute a Note Event of Default under the Notes though the repayment in full of the Notes may be an additional termination event under a Hedge Agreement.
Upon the occurrence of any Event of Default or Termination Event (each as defined in the applicable Hedge Agreement), a Hedge Agreement may be terminated by the Hedge Counterparty or the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) in accordance with the detailed provisions thereof and a lump sum (the “Termination Payment”) may become payable by the Issuer to the applicable Hedge Counterparty or vice versa. Depending on the terms of the applicable Hedge Agreement, such Termination Payment may be determined by the applicable Hedge Counterparty and/or Issuer (or the Collateral Manager on its behalf) by reference to market quotations obtained in respect of the entry into a replacement swap(s) on the same terms as that terminated or as otherwise described in the applicable Hedge Agreement or any loss suffered by a party, subject to and in accordance with the relevant Hedge Agreement.
Rating Downgrade Requirements

Each Hedge Agreement will contain provisions requiring certain remedial action to be taken in the event that the Hedge Counterparty (or, as relevant, its guarantor) is subject to a rating withdrawal or downgrade, such provisions being in accordance with the rating methodology of the Rating Agencies at the time of entry into such Hedge Agreements. Such provisions may include a requirement that a Hedge Counterparty must post collateral or transfer the Hedge Agreement to another entity (or, as relevant, its guarantor) meeting the applicable Rating Requirement or procure that a guarantor meeting the applicable Rating Requirement guarantees its obligations under the Hedge Agreement or take other actions subject to Rating Agency Confirmation.
Transfer and Modification

The Collateral Manager, acting on behalf of the Issuer, may not modify any Hedge Transaction or Hedge Agreement without Rating Agency Confirmation in relation to such modification, save to the extent that it would constitute a Form Approved Hedge following such modification. A Hedge Counterparty may transfer its rights and obligations under a Hedge Agreement to any institution which (or whose credit support provider (as defined in the applicable Hedge Agreement)) satisfies the applicable Rating Requirement and provided that such institution has the regulatory capacity as a matter of Irish law to enter into derivatives transactions with Irish residents.
Any of the requirements set out herein may be modified in order to meet any new or additional requirements of any Rating Agency then rating any Class of Notes.
Governing Law

Each Hedge Agreement together with each Hedge Transaction thereunder, in each case including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in relation thereto, will be governed by, and construed in accordance with English Law.
Reporting of Specified Hedging Data

The Collateral Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, may from time to time enter into agreements with Hedge Counterparties (each a “Reporting Agreement”) in a form approved by the Rating Agencies for the provision of certain information in connection with the performance by the applicable Hedge Counterparty of certain derivative reporting obligations on behalf of the Issuer.
Regulatory Capacity Requirements
Each Hedge Agreement may contain provisions relating to the regulatory capacity of the relevant Hedge Counterparty. If a Hedge Counterparty no longer has the regulatory capacity as a matter of Irish law to enter into derivative transactions with Irish residents, the relevant Hedge Agreement may be terminated or such Hedge Counterparty may be required to transfer the Hedge Agreement to another entity that has the applicable regulatory capacity.
DESCRIPTION OF THE REPORTS
Terms used and not otherwise defined herein or in this Offering Circular as specifically referenced herein shall have the meaning given to them in Condition 1 (Definitions) of the Conditions.

Monthly Reports
The Collateral Administrator, not later than the eighth Business Day after the 15th calendar day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day) of each month (save in respect of any month for which a Payment Date Report or the Effective Date Report has been prepared) commencing in January 2021 on behalf, and at the expense, of the Issuer and in consultation with the Collateral Manager, shall compile a monthly report (the “Monthly Report”), which shall contain, without limitation, the information set out below with respect to the Portfolio (and shall include a version in excel and/or CSV format), determined by the Collateral Administrator as at the 15th calendar day of each month (or if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day) in consultation with the Collateral Manager made available via the Reporting Website, which shall be accessible to any Relevant Recipient. For the purposes of the Reports, obligations which are to constitute Collateral Obligations in respect of which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to purchase, but which have not yet settled, shall be included as Collateral Obligations as if such purchase had been completed and obligations in respect of which the Issuer has entered into a binding commitment to sell, but in respect of which such sale has not yet settled, shall be excluded from being Collateral Obligations as if such sale had been completed.
Portfolio

the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations and Eligible Investments representing Principal Proceeds;
the Collateral Principal Amount of the Collateral Obligations;
the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount of the Collateral Obligations;
subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, in respect of each Collateral Obligation, its Principal Balance (in the case of Deferring Securities, both including and excluding capitalised or deferring interest), LoanX ID, CUSIP number, ISIN or identification thereof, annual interest rate or spread (and EURIBOR or other benchmark floor if any), facility, Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity, Obligor, the Domicile of the Obligor, FIGI, S&P Rating (other than confidential credit estimates), Moody’s Rating, Moody’s Recovery Rate, Moody’s Default Probability Rating, and any other public rating (other than any confidential credit estimate), its Moody’s industry category, S&P Industry Classification and S&P Recovery Rate (but excluding any confidential estimates in relation thereto);
subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, in respect of each Collateral Obligation, whether such Collateral Obligation is a Secured Senior Obligation, Unsecured Senior Obligation, Second Lien Loan, Mezzanine Obligation or High Yield Bond, Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation, Semi-Annual Obligation, Corporate Rescue Loan, PIK Obligation, Current Pay Obligation, Revolving Obligation, Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation, Annual Obligation, Bridge Loan, Credit Estimate Obligation, Discount Obligation, Purchased Discount Obligation, Swapped Non-Discount Obligation or Deferring Security;
subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, in respect of each Collateral Enhancement Obligation and Exchanged Security (to the extent applicable), its Principal Balance, face amount, annual interest rate, Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity and Obligor, details of the type of instrument it represents and details of any amounts payable thereunder or other rights accruing pursuant thereto;
subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, the number, identity and, if applicable, Principal Balance of, respectively, any Collateral Obligations, Collateral Enhancement Obligations or Exchanged Securities that were released for sale or other disposition (specifying the reason for such sale or other disposition and the section in the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement pursuant to which such sale or other disposition was made), the Aggregate Principal Balances of
Collateral Obligations released for sale or other disposition at the Collateral Manager’s discretion (expressed as a percentage of the Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount and measured at the date of determination of the last Monthly Report) and the sale price thereof and identity of any of the purchasers thereof (if any) that are Affiliated with the Collateral Manager;
subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, the purchase or sale price of each Collateral Obligation, Eligible Investment and Collateral Enhancement Obligation acquired by the Issuer and in which the Issuer has granted a security interest to the Trustee, and each Collateral Obligation, Eligible Investment and Collateral Enhancement Obligation sold by the Issuer since the date of determination of the last Monthly Report and the identity of the purchasers or sellers thereof, if any, that are Affiliated with the Issuer or the Collateral Manager;
subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, the identity of each Collateral Obligation which became a Defaulted Obligation or Deferring Security or in respect of which an Exchanged Security has been received since the date of determination of the last Monthly Report and the identity and Principal Balance of each S&P CCC Obligation, Moody’s Caa Obligation and Current Pay Obligation;
subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, the identity of each Collateral Obligation which became a Restructured Obligation and its Obligor, as well as, where applicable, the name of the Obligor prior to the restructuring and the Obligor’s new name after the Restructuring Date;
the approximate Market Value of, respectively, the Collateral Obligations and the Collateral Enhancement Obligations as provided by the Collateral Manager;
for each S&P Rating category and Moody’s Rating category, the percentage of Collateral Obligations contained in Portfolio with such S&P Rating and Moody’s Rating as at the date of the current Monthly Report;
the Aggregate Principal Balance of Collateral Obligations comprising Participations in respect of which the Selling Institutions are not the lenders of record;
the identity of each obligation that is transferred to or from an Issuer Subsidiary;
for so long as any Notes are rated by Moody’s, the applicable point in the Moody’s Test Matrix being applied for the purposes of the Collateral Quality Tests; and
in respect of each Eligible Investment, the identity of the investment vehicle in relation thereto and confirmation that, as determined by the Collateral Manager (in accordance with the Standard of Care) (which determination will not be called into question as a result of subsequent events), such vehicle does not own mortgage backed securities or structured finance securities and/or obligations rated (sf) by S&P or Moody’s.
Accounts

the Balances standing to the credit of each of the Accounts; and
the purchase price, principal amount, redemption price, annual interest rate, maturity date and Obligor under each Eligible Investment purchased from funds in the Accounts.
Hedge Transactions and Counterparty Rating Requirements

(a) the outstanding notional amount of each Hedge Transaction and the current rate of EURIBOR;
(b) the amount scheduled to be received and paid by the Issuer pursuant to each Hedge Transaction on or before the next Payment Date;
(c) as notified to the Collateral Administrator in writing by the relevant party, the then current Moody’s rating and, if applicable, S&P rating in respect of each Hedge Counterparty, Account Bank and Custodian (including any sub-custodian) and the current S&P rating in respect of the Principal Paying Agent and
whether such Hedge Counterparty, Account Bank, Custodian (including any sub-custodian) and Principal Paying Agent satisfies the Rating Requirements (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the entity name for each Hedge Counterparty, the Account Bank, the Custodian (including any sub-custodian), the Collateral Administrator and the Principal Paying Agent for the time being);
(d) in the case of any FX Forward Transaction, the relevant expiry date and the relevant exchange rate; and
(e) the maturity date, the strike price and the underlying currency notional amount of each currency option, the upfront premium paid or payable by the Issuer thereunder and, in relation to each currency option exercised, the date of exercise, the spot foreign exchange rate at the time of exercise, the notional amount of the optional exercised, the aggregate notional amount of the option which remains unexercised and the aggregate premium received.
Coverage Tests and Collateral Quality Tests

a statement as to whether each of the Par Value Tests is satisfied and details of the relevant Par Value Ratios;
a statement as to whether each of the Interest Coverage Tests is satisfied and details of the relevant Interest Coverage Ratios;
during the Reinvestment Period, a statement as to whether the Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test is satisfied;
the Weighted Average Life and a statement as to whether the Weighted Average Life Test is satisfied; the Weighted Average Spread (calculated on the basis of the Aggregate Funded Spread determined
(1) with the EURIBOR Floor Adjustment and (2) without the EURIBOR Floor Adjustment), the
Weighted Average Fixed Coupon and the Weighted Average Coupon Adjustment Percentage;
the S&P CDO Monitor BDR (other than following expiry of the Reinvestment Period) and S&P CDO Monitor SDR (including the S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor, the S&P Default Rate Dispersion, the S&P Obligor Diversity Measure, the S&P Industry Diversity Measure, the S&P Regional Diversity Measure and the S&P Weighted Average Life) (other than following expiry of the Reinvestment Period);
so long as any Notes rated by Moody’s are Outstanding, whether or not the Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test is satisfied (together with the values of such Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average Rating Factor Test);
so long as any Notes rated by Moody’s are Outstanding, whether or not the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Recovery Rate Test is satisfied (together with the values of such Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Recovery Rate Test);
so long as any Notes rated by Moody’s are Outstanding, whether the Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test is satisfied;
so long as any Notes are rated by Moody’s are Outstanding, whether the Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test is satisfied;
so long as any Notes rated by S&P are Outstanding (as of the Effective Date and until the expiry of the Reinvestment Period), a statement as to whether the S&P CDO Monitor Test is satisfied; and
a statement identifying any Collateral Obligation in respect of which the Collateral Manager has made its own determination of “Market Value” (pursuant to the definition thereof) for the purposes of any of the Coverage Tests.
Portfolio Profile Tests

(a) in respect of each Portfolio Profile Test, a statement as to whether such test is satisfied, together with details of the result of the calculations required to be made in order to make such determination which details shall include the applicable numbers, levels and/or percentages resulting from such calculations;
(b) the identity and Moody’s Rating and S&P Rating of each Selling Institution, together with any changes in the identity of such entities since the date of determination of the last Monthly Report and details of the aggregate amount of Participations entered into with each such entity; and
(c) a statement as to whether the limits specified in the Bivariate Risk Table are met by reference to the Moody’s Ratings and S&P Ratings of Selling Institutions and, if such limits are not met, a statement as to the nature of the non-compliance.
Frequency Switch Event

A statement indicating whether a Frequency Switch Event has occurred on the relevant Frequency Switch Measurement Date, as notified to the Collateral Administrator by the Collateral Manager.
Risk Retention

Confirmation that the Collateral Administrator has received written confirmation (and upon which confirmation the Collateral Administrator shall be entitled to rely without enquiry and without liability for so relying) from the Collateral Manager that:
it continues to retain the Retention Notes; and
it has not sold, hedged or otherwise mitigated its credit risk under or associated with the Retention Notes or the underlying portfolio of Collateral Obligations, except to the extent permitted in accordance with the EU Retention Requirements.
CM Voting Notes / CM Non-Voting Notes

In respect of each of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes: the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of CM Voting Notes;
the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes; and the aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of CM Non-Voting Notes.
Payment Date Report
The Collateral Administrator, on behalf, and at the expense, of the Issuer and in consultation with the Collateral Manager, shall prepare a report on each Payment Date (the “Payment Date Report”) and make such reports available via the Reporting Website, which shall be accessible to any Relevant Recipient, not later than the Business Day preceding the related Payment Date. In addition, for so long as any of the Notes are Outstanding, the Payment Date Report will be available for inspection at the offices of, and copies thereof may be obtained free of charge upon request from, the Issuer.
Each Payment Date Report shall include notice that: (A) each Noteholder must be either (x) a QIB that is a QP or
(y) a person outside the United States that is not a U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S); and (B) the Notes may only be transferred to investors which also meet such criteria.
Upon issue of each Payment Date Report, the Collateral Administrator, in the name and at the expense of the Issuer, shall notify Euronext Dublin of the Principal Amount Outstanding of each Class of Notes after giving effect to the principal payments, if any, on the next Payment Date. The Payment Date Report shall contain the following information determined by the Collateral Administrator as at the Determination Date in consultation with the Collateral Manager:
Portfolio

the Aggregate Principal Balance of the Collateral Obligations as of the close of business on such Determination Date, after giving effect to (A) Principal Proceeds received on the Collateral Obligations with respect to the related Due Period and the reinvestment of such Principal Proceeds in Substitute Collateral Obligations during such Due Period and (B) the disposal of any Collateral Obligations during such Due Period;
subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, a list of, respectively, the Collateral Obligations and Collateral Enhancement Obligations indicating the Principal Balance and Obligor of each; and
the information required pursuant to “Monthly Reports — Portfolio” above.
Notes








‎

the Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of each Class and such aggregate amount as a percentage of the original aggregate Principal Amount Outstanding of the Notes of such Class at the beginning of the Accrual Period, the amount of principal payments to be made on the Notes of each Class on the related Payment Date, and the aggregate amount of the Notes of each Class Outstanding and such aggregate amount as a percentage of the original aggregate amount of the Notes of such Class Outstanding after giving effect to the principal payments, if any, on the next Payment Date;
the interest payable in respect of each Class of Notes (as applicable), including the amount of any Deferred Interest payable on the related Payment Date (in the aggregate and by Class);
the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Class of Rated Notes on the next Payment Date; and
EURIBOR for the related Due Period and the Rate of Interest applicable to each Class of Floating Rate Notes during the related Due Period.
Payment Date Payments

the amounts payable pursuant to the Interest Priority of Payments, the Principal Priority of Payments and the Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments;
the Trustee Fees and Expenses, the amount of any Collateral Management Fees and Administrative Expenses payable on the related Payment Date, in each case, on an itemised basis; and
any Defaulted Currency Hedge Termination Payments and Defaulted Interest Rate Hedge Termination Payments.
Accounts

the Balance standing to the credit of the Interest Account at the end of the related Due Period; the Balance standing to the credit of the Principal Account at the end of the related Due Period;
the Balance standing to the credit of the Interest Account immediately after all payments and deposits to be made on the next Payment Date;
the Balance standing to the credit of the Principal Account immediately after all payments and deposits to be made on the next Payment Date;
the amounts payable from the Interest Account through a transfer to the Payment Account pursuant to the Priorities of Payment on such Payment Date;
the amounts payable from the Principal Account through a transfer to the Payment Account pursuant to the Priorities of Payment on such Payment Date;
the amounts payable from any other Accounts (through a transfer to the Payment Account) pursuant to the Priorities of Payment on such Payment Date, together with details of whether such amounts constitute Interest Proceeds or Principal Proceeds;
the Balance standing to the credit of each of the other Accounts at the end of the related Due Period;
the purchase price, principal amount, redemption price, annual interest rate, maturity date of and Obligor of each Eligible Investment purchased from funds in the Accounts;
the Principal Proceeds received during the related Due Period; the Interest Proceeds received during the related Due Period; and
the Collateral Enhancement Obligation Proceeds received during the related Due Period.
Coverage Tests, Collateral Quality Tests and Portfolio Profile Tests

(a) the information required pursuant to “Monthly Reports — Coverage Tests and Collateral Quality Tests” above; and
(b) the information required pursuant to “Monthly Reports — Portfolio Profile Tests” above.
Hedge Transactions

The information required pursuant to “Monthly Reports — Hedge Transactions and Counterparty Rating Requirements” above.
Risk Retention

The information required pursuant to “Monthly Reports – Risk Retention” above.
CM Voting Notes / CM Non-Voting Notes

The information required pursuant to “Monthly Reports – CM Voting Notes / CM Non-Voting Notes” above.
Frequency Switch Event

The information required pursuant to “Frequency Switch Event” above.
Securitisation Regulation Reports
The Issuer, in consultation with the Collateral Manager, shall procure the compilation of each of the Loan Reports and Investor Reports (each as defined in the Conditions), in each case in the form required by and in accordance with the frequency requirements set out in the EU Transparency Requirements.
The Collateral Administrator shall make such Loan Reports and Investor Reports, together with any other information, data and reports (in each case as provided to it and instructed by the Collateral Manager and the Issuer) available to the Relevant Recipients via the Reporting Website or such other method of dissemination as is required by the Securitisation Regulation (as notified to the Collateral Administrator by the Issuer or the Collateral Manager on its behalf and as agreed with the Collateral Administrator) as provided to it.
Miscellaneous
Each report shall state that it is for the purposes of information only, that certain information included in the report is estimated, approximated or projected and that it is provided without any representations or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness thereof and that none of the Collateral Administrator, the Trustee, the Issuer or the Collateral Manager will have any liability for estimates, approximations or projections contained therein.
Each report shall contain the Legal Entity Identifiers (“LEIs”) of the Issuer and the Collateral Manager and shall list the ISINs of the Notes, in each case as notified to the Collateral Administrator.
In addition, the Collateral Administrator shall (in consultation with the Collateral Manager) compile and submit to the website referred to above, no later than the eighth Business Day following the end of the relevant month, a report (in excel or CSV format) containing the following information, subject to any confidentiality obligations binding on the Issuer, in respect of each Collateral Obligation: (i) the Principal Balances of each Collateral Obligation in the Portfolio; (ii) each LoanX ID, CUSIP number, ISIN or identification thereof, annual interest rate or spread (and EURIBOR floor (or other floor) if any), facility, Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity, Obligor, the Domicile of the Obligor, the outstanding notional amount thereof (excluding any Purchased Accrued Interest), Moody’s Rating, S&P Rating (other than any confidential credit estimate), its Moody’s industry classification and S&P Industry Classification and S&P Recovery Rate and Moody’s Recovery Rate; and (iii) the Aggregate Principal Balance, in respect of each month from and including the second month after the month in which the Issue Date occurs until the date the first Monthly Report is posted, as determined by the Collateral Administrator on the last day of each such month (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the following Business Day).
In addition, the Collateral Administrator shall provide the Issuer with such other information and in such a format relating to the Portfolio as the Issuer may reasonably request and which is in the possession of the Collateral Administrator in order for the Issuer to satisfy its obligation to make certain filings of information with the Central Bank of Ireland and in respect of the preparation of its financial statements and tax returns.
TAX CONSIDERATIONS

General
Purchasers of Notes may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country of purchase in addition to the issue price of each Note.
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS ARE WHOLLY RESPONSIBLE FOR DETERMINING THEIR OWN TAX POSITION IN RESPECT OF THE NOTES. POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THEIR TAX POSITION ON PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP, TRANSFER OR EXERCISE OF ANY NOTE SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS. IN PARTICULAR, NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE MANNER IN WHICH PAYMENTS UNDER THE NOTES WOULD BE CHARACTERISED BY ANY RELEVANT TAXING AUTHORITY. POTENTIAL INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THE RELEVANT FISCAL RULES OR THEIR INTERPRETATION MAY CHANGE, POSSIBLY WITH RETROSPECTIVE EFFECT, AND THAT THIS SUMMARY IS NOT EXHAUSTIVE. THIS SUMMARY DOES NOT CONSTITUTE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE OR A GUARANTEE TO ANY POTENTIAL INVESTOR OF THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF INVESTING IN THE NOTES.

Irish Taxation
The following is a summary based on the laws and practices currently in force in Ireland regarding the tax position of investors beneficially owning their Notes and should be treated with appropriate caution. Particular rules may apply to certain classes of taxpayers holding Notes. The summary does not constitute tax or legal advice and the comments below are of a general nature only. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their professional advisers on the tax implications of the purchase, holding, redemption or sale of the Notes and the receipt of interest thereon under the laws of their country of residence, citizenship or domicile.
Unless otherwise provided below, references in this section to the “EU” and its “Member States” shall not be interpreted so as to include the UK.
Withholding Tax

In general, tax at the standard rate of income tax (currently 20 per cent), is required to be withheld from payments of Irish source interest. However, an exemption from withholding on interest payments exists under Section 64 of the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997 of Ireland, as amended (the “TCA”) for certain interest bearing securities issued by a body corporate (such as the Issuer) which are quoted on a recognised stock exchange (which would include trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin) (“quoted Eurobonds”).
Any interest paid on such quoted Eurobonds can be paid free of withholding tax provided: the person by or through whom the payment is made is not in Ireland; or
the payment is made by or through a person in Ireland, and either:
the quoted Eurobond is held in a clearing system recognised by the Irish Revenue Commissioners (e.g.
Euroclear, Clearstream Banking SA and Clearstream Banking AG), or
the person who is the beneficial owner of the quoted Eurobond and who is beneficially entitled to the interest is not resident in Ireland and has made a declaration to the person by or through whom the payment is made in the prescribed form.
So long as the Notes are quoted on a recognised stock exchange and are held in a recognised clearing system such as Euroclear, Clearstream Banking SA or Clearstream Banking AG (or, if not so held, payments on the Notes are made through a paying agent not in Ireland), interest on the Notes can be paid by the Issuer and any paying agent acting on behalf of the Issuer without any withholding or deduction for or on account of Irish income tax.
If, for any reason, the quoted Eurobond exemption referred to above does not or ceases to apply, the Issuer can still pay interest on the Notes free of withholding tax provided it is a qualifying company within the meaning of
Section 110 of the TCA (a “Qualifying Company”) and provided the interest is paid to a person resident in either
(i) a member state of the European Union (other than Ireland) or (ii) a country with which Ireland has signed a comprehensive double taxation agreement (such a country mentioned in either (i) or (ii) being a “Relevant Territory”). For this purpose, residence is determined by reference to the law of the country in which the recipient claims to be resident. This exemption from withholding tax will not apply, however, if the interest is paid to a company in connection with a trade or business carried on by it through a branch or agency located in Ireland.
In certain limited circumstances a payment of interest by the Issuer which is considered dependent on the results of the Issuer’s business or which represents more than a reasonable commercial return can be re-characterised as a distribution which could be subject to dividend withholding tax.
A payment of profit dependent or excessive interest on the Notes will not be re-characterised as a distribution to which dividend withholding tax could apply where, broadly the Noteholder, is either
an Irish tax resident person;
a person who in respect of the interest is subject, under the laws of a Relevant Territory, to tax, which generally applies to profits, income or gains received from sources outside that territory without any reduction computed by reference to the amount of the interest payment;
for so long as the Notes remain quoted Eurobonds, neither a person which is a company which directly or indirectly controls the Issuer or which is controlled by a third company which directly or indirectly controls the Issuer or a person (including any connected person) (a) from whom the Issuer has acquired assets, (b) to whom the Issuer has made loans or advances, (c) a person to whom loans or advances held by the Issuer were made or (d) with whom the Issuer has entered into a return agreement (as defined in section 110(1) of the TCA) where the aggregate value of such assets, loans, advances or agreements represents 75 per cent. or more of the assets of the Issuer (such a person falling within this category of person being a “Specified Person”); or
an exempt pension fund, government body or other resident in a Relevant Territory person (which is not a Specified Person).
For the purposes of the above, broadly, a person has “control” (a) by reference to the power to secure the affairs of the Issuer or (b) by a party exercising significant influence over the Issuer and in respect of (b) only which party also holds directly or indirectly more than (i) 20% of the issued share capital of the Issuer, (ii) 20% of the principal value of any Notes issued by the Issuer on which profit dependent or excessive interest is payable or any such Notes having no principal value or (iii) the right to 20% of the interest payable in respect of any Notes attracting profit dependent or excessive interest.
In certain circumstances, Irish tax will be required to be withheld at the standard rate of Income Tax (currently 20% but expected to be increased to 25% from 1 January 2021 if the increase contained in the Finance Bill 2020 is enacted unchanged) from interest on any quoted Eurobond, where such interest is collected by a bank or other agent in Ireland on behalf of any Noteholder.
Qualifying Companies Holding Irish Specified Mortgages

The Irish Finance Acts 2016 and 2017 amended Section 110 TCA. The amendments apply to qualifying companies which carry on a business of holding, managing or both holding and managing of “specified mortgages”, units in an IREF (within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 TCA) or shares that derive their value or the greater part of their value directly or indirectly from Irish real estate.
A “specified mortgage” for this purpose is:
a loan which is secured on, and which derives its value from, or the greater part of its value from, directly or indirectly, land in Ireland;
a specified agreement which derives all of its value, or the greater part of its value, directly or indirectly, from land in Ireland or a loan to which paragraph (a) applies. A specified agreement is defined in Section 110 TCA and includes certain derivatives, swaps or similar arrangements. A specified mortgage does not
include a specified agreement which derives its value or the greater part of its value from a CLO transaction, a CMBS/RMBS transaction, a loan origination business or a sub-participation transaction (as defined in Section 110 TCA); or
any portion of a specified security issued by another qualifying company which carries on the business of holding or managing specified mortgages and which carries a right to results dependent or non-commercial interest.
Such activity is defined as a “specified property business”. Where the qualifying company carries on a specified property business in addition to other activities, it must treat the specified property business as a separate business and apportion its expenses on a just and reasonable basis between the separate businesses.
Where the qualifying company has financed itself with loans carrying interest which is dependent on the results of that company’s business or interest which represents more than a reasonable commercial return for the use of the principal, or has entered into specified agreements (such as swaps) then the interest or return payable will not be deductible for Irish tax purposes to the extent it exceeds a reasonable commercial return which is not dependent on the results of the qualifying company.
This restriction is subject to a number of exceptions. Transactions which qualify as “CLO transactions” should not be subject to the restrictions described above. A CLO transaction is defined as a securitisation transaction carried out in conformity with:
a prospectus, within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation;
listing particulars, where any securities issued by the qualifying company are listed on an exchange, other than the main exchange, of Ireland or a relevant EU member state; or
legally binding documents, where the securities issued by the qualifying company will not be listed on an exchange in Ireland or a relevant EU member state. In addition, the transaction:
(i) may provide for a warehousing period, which means a period not exceeding 3 years during which time the qualifying company is preparing to issue securities; and
(ii) must provide for investment eligibility criteria that govern the type and quality of assets to be acquired.
Finally, based on the documents referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) and the activities of the qualifying company, in order for a transaction to be a CLO transaction it must not be reasonable to consider that the main purpose, or one of the main purposes, of the qualifying company was to acquire specified mortgages.
In order to benefit from the exception, the qualifying company must not carry out any activities, other than activities which are incidental or preparatory to the transaction or business of a CLO transaction.
As such, the restrictions on deductibility should not apply if either:
the Issuer does not hold or manage specified mortgages, units in an IREF (within the meaning of Chapter 1B of Part 27 of the TCA) or shares that derive their value or the greater part of their value, directly or indirectly, from Irish real estate; or
the Issuer’s activities fall within the definition of a CLO transaction.
Taxation of Noteholders

Notwithstanding that a Noteholder may receive interest on the Notes free of withholding tax, the Noteholder may still be liable to pay Irish income tax. Interest paid on the Notes may have an Irish source and therefore be within the charge to Irish income tax and the universal social charge. Ireland operates a self-assessment system in respect of income tax and any person, including a person who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland, with Irish source income comes within its scope.
However, interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is resident in a Relevant Territory provided either (i) the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set out above and the recipient is not a resident of Ireland (ii) in the event of the Notes not being or ceasing to be quoted Eurobonds exempt from withholding tax, if the Issuer is a Qualifying Company, or (iii) if the Issuer has ceased to be a Qualifying Company, the recipient of the interest is a company and the jurisdiction concerned imposes a tax that generally applies to interest receivable in that jurisdiction by companies from sources outside that jurisdiction.
In addition, provided that the Notes are quoted Eurobonds and are exempt from withholding tax as set out above, the interest on the Notes will be exempt from Irish income tax if the recipient of the interest is (i) a company under the control, directly or indirectly, of persons who by virtue of the law of a relevant territory are resident in that country and that person or persons are not themselves under the control whether directly or indirectly of a person who is not resident in such a country, or (ii) a company, the principal class of shares of such company, or another company of which the recipient company is a 75 per cent. subsidiary, is substantially and regularly traded on one or more recognised stock exchanges in Ireland or a relevant territory or a stock exchange approved by the Irish Minister for Finance.
Notwithstanding these exemptions from income tax, a corporate recipient that carries on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are held or attributed, may have a liability to Irish corporation tax on the interest.
Noteholders receiving interest on the Notes which does not fall within any of the above exemptions may be liable to Irish income tax and the universal social charge on such interest.
Capital Gains Tax

A holder of Notes will not be subject to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of Notes unless such holder is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland or carries on a trade in Ireland through a branch or agency in respect of which the Notes are used or held.
Capital Acquisitions Tax

A gift or inheritance comprising of Notes will be within the charge to capital acquisitions tax if either (i) the disponer or the donee/successor in relation to the gift or inheritance is resident or ordinarily resident in Ireland (or, in certain circumstances, if the disponer is domiciled in Ireland irrespective of his residence or that of the donee/successor) or (ii) if the Notes are regarded as property situate in Ireland.
Bearer Notes are generally regarded as situated where they are physically located at any particular time. Registered Notes are generally regarded as situated where the principal register of Noteholders is maintained or is required to be maintained, but the Notes may be regarded as situated in Ireland regardless of their physical location or the location of the register as they secure a debt due by an Irish resident debtor and they may be secured over Irish property. Accordingly, if such Notes are comprised in a gift or inheritance, the gift or inheritance may be within the charge to tax regardless of the residence status of the disponer or the donee/successor.
Stamp Duty

Provided the Issuer remains a Qualifying Company no stamp duty or similar tax is imposed in Ireland on the issue, transfer or redemption of the Notes provided the money raised on the issue of the Notes is used in the course of the Issuer’s business.
Finance Act 2019 section 110 changes

An anti-avoidance measure contained in the Irish Finance Act 2019 applies to profit dependent or excessive interest paid to a Noteholder that holds 20 per cent. or more of a class of Notes paying such interest where that Noteholder has significant influence over the Issuer. In such circumstances, if the Issuer was in possession of, or was aware of, information that could reasonably be taken to indicate that such interest would not be subject to tax without any reduction computed by reference to the amount of such interest in a EU member state or in a country
with which Ireland has a double tax treaty, then the relevant interest will be treated as a distribution for Irish tax purposes.
The consequence of such an amount being treated as a distribution would be that it would not be deductible for the purposes of calculating the taxable profit of the Issuer resulting in a greater corporation tax liability, and the Issuer may have to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax at a rate of 25 per cent. from such payment. An affected Noteholder may be able to avail of a range of exemptions from dividend withholding tax or alternatively may be entitled to obtain a refund of such tax after the deduction has been made. Exemptions are available in circumstances including where the relevant Noteholder is a company not resident in Ireland but controlled by persons who are resident in an EU country or in a double taxation treaty country or where the company concerned is resident in such country and is not controlled by Irish resident persons subject to relevant documentary requirements.
Automatic exchange of information

Irish reporting financial institutions, which may include the Issuer have reporting obligations in respect of a Noteholder under FATCA as implemented pursuant to the Ireland – U.S. intergovernmental agreement and/or the OECD’s Common Reporting Standard (see below).
Information exchange and the implementation of FATCA in Ireland

The Issuer may be obliged to report certain information in respect of certain U.S. investors (Noteholders) in the Issuer to the Irish Revenue Commissioners who will then share that information with the U.S. tax authorities.
FATCA may impose a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on certain ‘withholdable payments’ unless the payee enters into and complies with an agreement with the IRS to collect and provide to the IRS substantial information regarding direct and indirect owners and account holders.
On 21 December 2012 Ireland signed an Intergovernmental Agreement (the “IGA”) with the United States to Improve International Tax Compliance and to Implement FATCA. Under this agreement Ireland agreed to implement legislation to collect certain information in connection with FATCA and the Irish and U.S. tax authorities have agreed to automatically exchange this information. The IGA provides for the annual automatic exchange of information in relation to accounts and investments held by certain U.S. persons in a broad category of Irish financial institutions and vice versa.
Under the IGA and the Financial Accounts Reporting (United States of America) Regulations 2014 as amended (the “Irish Regulations”) implementing the information disclosure obligations Irish reporting financial institutions are required to report certain information with respect to U.S. account holders to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The Irish Revenue Commissioners will automatically provide that information annually to the IRS. To the extent the Issuer is an Irish reporting financial institution it will need to obtain the necessary information from Noteholders required to satisfy the reporting requirements whether under the IGA, the Irish Regulations or any other applicable legislation published in connection with FATCA and such information may be sought from each Noteholder and beneficial owner of the Notes. It should be noted that the Irish Regulations require the collection of information and filing of returns with the Irish Revenue Commissioners regardless as to whether the Issuer holds any U.S. assets or has any U.S. investors. However to the extent that the Notes are listed on a recognised stock exchange and regularly traded (i.e. listed with the intention that the interests may be traded) and/or are held in a recognised clearing system the Issuer should have no reportable accounts in a tax year. In that event the Issuer, if an Irish reporting financial institution, will make a nil return for that year to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. Where the Notes do not satisfy the ‘regularly traded’ requirement and are not, or are no longer held, in a clearing system then the Issuer will need to report annually on its U.S. reportable accounts to the extent it has any. In this regard it will need to have a way of having the requisite information collected on its behalf. Holders should obtain independent tax advice in relation to the potential impact of FATCA before investing.
Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations

General

The following discussion summarises certain of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the purchase, beneficial ownership, and disposition of Notes.
For purposes of this summary, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:
 an individual who is a citizen or a resident of the United States, for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
 a corporation (or other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes) that is created or organised in or under the laws of the United States, any State thereof, or the District of Columbia;
 an estate whose income is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
 a trust if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration, and one or more United States persons have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions.
For purposes of this summary, a “Non-U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of a Note that is:
 a nonresident alien individual for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
 a foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
 an estate whose income is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis; or
 a trust if no court within the United States is able to exercise primary jurisdiction over its administration or if no United States persons have the authority to control any of its substantial decisions.
An individual may, subject to certain exceptions, be deemed to be a resident of the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes by reason of being present in the United States for at least 31 days in the calendar year and for an aggregate of more than 182 days during a three-year period ending in the current calendar year (counting for such purposes all of the days present in the current year, one-third of the days present in the immediately preceding year, and one-sixth of the days present in the second preceding year).
This summary is based on interpretations of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), regulations issued thereunder, and rulings and decisions currently in effect (or in some cases proposed), all of which are subject to change. Any such change may be applied retroactively and may adversely affect the U.S. federal income tax consequences described herein. This summary addresses only holders that purchase Notes for cash at initial issuance (and, in the case of the Rated Notes, at their issue price (which is the first price at which a substantial amount of Rated Notes within the applicable Class was sold to investors)) and beneficially own such Notes as capital assets and not as part of a “straddle”, “hedge”, “synthetic security” or a “conversion transaction” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or as part of some other integrated investment. This summary does not discuss all of the tax consequences (such as alternative minimum tax consequences) that may be relevant to particular investors or to investors subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws (such as banks, thrifts, or other financial institutions; insurance companies; securities dealers or brokers, or traders in securities electing mark-to-market treatment; mutual funds or real estate investment trusts; small business investment companies; S corporations; partnerships or investors that hold their Notes through a partnership or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes; U.S. Holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar; certain former citizens or residents of the United States; retirement plans or other tax-exempt entities, or persons holding the Notes in tax-deferred or tax-advantaged accounts; or “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies” for U.S. federal income tax purposes). This summary also does not address the tax consequences to shareholders, or other equity holders in, or beneficiaries of, a holder of Notes, or any state, local or foreign tax consequences of the purchase, ownership or disposition of the Notes. Finally, this discussion does not address the tax consequences to a Reinvesting Noteholder of a Reinvestment Amount as described in Condition 3(e) (Reinvestment Amounts) and generally does not discuss the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Class Z Notes.
In the case of a partnership (or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is a beneficial owner of a Note, the tax treatment of a partner of such partnership (or other equity holder of such other pass-through entity) will generally depend on the status of such partner (or other equity holder) and upon the activities of such pass-through entity. Partners of partnerships (or other equity holders of other pass-through entities, as applicable) that are beneficial owners of Notes should consult their tax advisors.
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND LOCAL TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES, AS WELL AS ANY CONSEQUENCES ARISING UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY OTHER TAXING JURISDICTION TO WHICH THEY MAY BE SUBJECT.
U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of the Issuer

The Issuer will be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Upon the issuance of the Notes, the Issuer will receive an opinion of Paul Hastings LLP, counsel to the Collateral Manager, generally to the effect that, although no activity closely comparable to that contemplated by the Issuer has been the subject of any Treasury regulation, revenue ruling or judicial decision and thus the matter is not free from doubt, assuming compliance with the Trust Deed and the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement, including certain tax guidelines referenced therein (the “Tax Guidelines”), and based upon certain factual representations made by the Issuer and/or the Collateral Manager, and subject to other customary assumptions and qualifications, the contemplated activities of the Issuer will not cause the Issuer to be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes under current law. The opinion of Paul Hastings LLP will not address any other issue. Failure of the Issuer or the Collateral Manager to comply with the Tax Guidelines, the Trust Deed or the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement may result in the Issuer being subject to U.S. federal income tax, but may not give rise to a default or a Note Event of Default under the Trust Deed or the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement and may not give rise to a claim against the Issuer or the Collateral Manager. In the event of such a failure, the Issuer could be treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In addition, the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager acting on its behalf) is permitted to take certain actions prohibited under the Tax Guidelines if it obtains written advice from Paul Hastings LLP or Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP or an opinion of other tax counsel of nationally recognised standing in the United States experienced in such matters, that the departure will not cause the Issuer to be treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The opinion of Paul Hastings LLP will not address those situations and there can be no assurances that any such opinion or advice of tax counsel will be consistent with Paul Hastings LLP’s current views and opinion standards. Furthermore, the Collateral Manager is not obliged to monitor (and in some cases, conform the Issuer’s activities in order to comply with) changes in law that could affect whether the Issuer is treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business. The Collateral Manager, if it does not have actual knowledge of a relevant change in law, might act in accordance with the Tax Guidelines notwithstanding the issuances of new decisions by the courts, new legislation or official guidance (regardless of whether such new interpretation, legislation or guidance would either merely increase the risk that the Issuer would be, or actually cause the Issuer to be, engaged in a U.S. trade or business). In addition, the opinion of Paul Hastings LLP is not binding on the IRS or the courts. Moreover, a change in law or its interpretation could result in the Issuer being treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or otherwise subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis (notwithstanding that the Collateral Manager is acting in accordance with the Tax Guidelines). Finally, the Trust Deed could be amended in a manner that permits or causes the Issuer to be engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The opinion described above does not address those situations.
If it is determined that the Issuer is engaged in a trade or business in the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the Issuer has taxable income that is effectively connected with such U.S. trade or business, the Issuer would be subject under the Code to the regular U.S. corporate income tax on such effectively connected taxable income (computed possibly without any allowance for deductions) and possibly to a 30 per cent. branch profits tax and state and local taxes as well. The imposition of such taxes on the Issuer would materially adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to make payments on the Notes. The balance of this summary assumes that the Issuer is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on its net income.
U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of the Notes
Upon the issuance of the Notes, the Issuer will receive an opinion from Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP to the effect that, based on certain assumptions, the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes, and Class D Notes will be treated, and the Class E Notes should be treated, as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. No opinion will be received with respect to the Class F Notes. The Issuer intends to treat each Class of the Rated Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state, and local income and franchise tax purposes. The Issuer’s characterisations will be binding on all Noteholders, and the Trust Deed requires the Noteholders to treat the Rated Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes. Nevertheless, the IRS could assert, and a court could ultimately hold, that the Class E Notes or Class F Notes are equity in the Issuer. If any Rated Notes were treated as equity in, rather than debt of, the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then the Noteholders of those Notes would be subject to the special and potentially adverse U.S. tax rules relating to U.S. equity owners in PFICs or CFCs. See “— U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of U.S. Holders of Rated Notes — Possible Treatment of Class E Notes and Class F Notes as Equity for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes” below. Except as otherwise indicated, the balance of this summary assumes that all of the Rated Notes are treated as indebtedness of the Issuer for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes. Prospective investors in the Rated Notes should consult their tax advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax consequences to the investors in the event their Rated Notes are treated as equity in the Issuer.
The Issuer intends to treat the Subordinated Notes as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and each holder by its purchase of a Subordinated Note agrees to treat the Subordinated Notes consistently with this treatment.
In addition, although the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the Class Z Notes is unclear, the Issuer intends to treat the Class Z Notes as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under this treatment, holders of Class Z Notes generally would be subject to the U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to holders of Subordinated Notes as described herein.
This discussion, and the opinion of Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP described above, do not address the effects of any supplemental trust deeds.
U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of U.S. Holders of Rated Notes

Class A Notes and Class B Notes

Stated Interest. U.S. Holders of Class A Notes or Class B Notes will include in gross income the U.S. dollar value of payments of stated interest accrued or received on their Notes, in accordance with their usual method of tax accounting, as ordinary interest income.
In general, U.S. Holders of Class A Notes or Class B Notes that use the cash method of accounting will calculate the U.S. dollar value of payments of stated interest based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate at the time a payment is received.
In general, U.S. Holders of Class A Notes or Class B Notes that use the accrual method of accounting or that otherwise are required to accrue stated interest before receipt will calculate the U.S. dollar value of accrued interest based on the average euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate during the applicable Accrual Period (or, with respect to an Accrual Period that spans two taxable years, at the average euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate for the partial period within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of Class A Notes or Class B Notes can elect to calculate the U.S. dollar value of accrued interest based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the last day of the applicable Accrual Period (or, with respect to an Accrual Period that spans two taxable years, at the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the last day of the U.S. Holder’s taxable year) or, if the last day of the Accrual Period is within five business days of the U.S. Holder’s receipt of the payment, the spot exchange rate on the date of receipt. Any such election must be applied to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.
Accrual basis U.S. Holders of Class A Notes or Class B Notes also will recognise foreign currency exchange gain or loss on the receipt of interest payments on their Class A Notes or Class B Notes to the extent that the U.S. dollar value of such payments (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date such payments are
received) differs from the U.S. dollar value of such payments when they were accrued. The foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss.
Original Issue Discount. In addition, if the discount at which a substantial amount of the Class A Notes or Class B Notes is first sold to investors is at least 0.25 per cent. of the principal amount of the Class, multiplied by the number of complete years to the weighted average maturity of the Class, then the Issuer will treat the Class as issued with original issue discount (“OID”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The total amount of OID with respect to a Note within the Class will equal the excess of the principal amount of the Note over its issue price (the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes within the Class was sold to investors). U.S. Holders of Notes that are issued with OID will be required to include the U.S. dollar value of OID in advance of the receipt of cash attributable to such income. In general, U.S. Holders of the Class A Notes or Class B Notes will calculate the U.S. dollar value of OID based on the average euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate during the applicable Accrual Period (or, with respect to an Accrual Period that spans two taxable years, at the average euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate for the partial period within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of Class A Notes or Class B Notes can elect to calculate the U.S. dollar value of OID based on the euro-to U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the last day of the applicable Accrual Period (or, with respect to an Accrual Period that spans two taxable years, at the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the last day of the U.S. Holder’s taxable year) or, if the last day of the Accrual Period is within five business days of the U.S. Holder’s receipt of the payment of accrued OID, the spot exchange rate on the date of receipt. Any such election must be applied to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.
A U.S. Holder generally will be required to include OID in income as it accrues (regardless of the U.S. Holder’s method of accounting). Accruals of any such OID generally will be made using a constant yield method, based on the weighted average life of the applicable Class rather than its stated maturity, possibly with periodic adjustments to reflect the difference between (x) the prepayment assumption under which the weighted average life was calculated and (y) actual prepayments on the Collateral Obligations. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert and a court could ultimately hold that some other method of accruing OID should apply.
U.S. Holders of Class A Notes or Class B Notes that are issued with OID also will recognise foreign currency exchange gain or loss on the receipt of principal payments on their Class A Notes or Class B Notes to the extent that the U.S. dollar value of such payments (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date such payments are received) differs from the U.S. dollar value of the corresponding amounts of OID when they were accrued. The foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss.
Sale, Exchange or Retirement. In general, a U.S. Holder will have a basis in its Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the cost of such Note (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date the Note was acquired, or the settlement date for the purchase of the Note if the Note is treated under applicable Treasury regulations as a security traded on an established securities market and the U.S. Holder either uses the cash method of accounting, or uses the accrual method of accounting and so elects (which election must be applied consistently from year to year)), (i) increased by the U.S. dollar value of any amount includable in income as OID (as described above), and (ii) reduced by the U.S. dollar value of payments of principal on such Note (based, in the case of a Class A Note or Class B Note, on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date any such payments were received).
A U.S. Holder will generally recognise foreign currency exchange gain or loss on the receipt of any principal payments on a Class A Note or Class B Note prior to a sale, exchange, or retirement of such Note to the extent that the U.S. dollar value of each such principal payment (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date any such payment was received) differs from the U.S. dollar value of the equivalent principal amount of the Note (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date the Note was acquired). Any such foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss.
Upon a sale, exchange, or retirement of a Class A Note or Class B Note, a U.S. Holder will generally recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the amount realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement (less any accrued and unpaid interest, which will be taxable as described above) and the holder’s tax basis in such Note. The U.S. dollar value of the amount realised generally is based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date of the disposition. However, if the Notes are treated under applicable Treasury regulations as stock or securities traded on an established securities market and the U.S. Holder uses the cash method of accounting, then the U.S. dollar value of the amount realised is based instead on the euro-to-U.S. dollar
spot exchange rate on the settlement date for the disposition. U.S. Holders that use the accrual method of accounting also may elect to use the settlement date valuation, provided that they apply it consistently from year to year. Any such gain or loss will be foreign currency exchange gain or loss to the extent that the U.S. dollar value of the principal amount of the Note on the date of the sale, exchange, or retirement (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on such date) differs from the U.S. dollar value of the equivalent principal amount of the Note (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date the Note was acquired). Any such foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss. Any gain or loss in excess of foreign currency exchange gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder held the Note for more than one year at the time of disposition. In certain circumstances, U.S. Holders who are individuals may be entitled to preferential tax rates for net long-term capital gains; however, the ability of U.S. Holders to offset capital losses against ordinary income is limited.
Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes and Class F Notes

Original Issue Discount. The Issuer will treat the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes and Class F Notes as issued with OID for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The total amount of OID with respect to a Class C Note, Class D Note, Class E Note or Class F Note will equal the sum of all payments to be received under such Note less its issue price (the first price at which a substantial amount of Notes within the applicable Class was sold to investors). U.S. Holders of the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes, or Class F Notes will be required to include the U.S. dollar value of OID in advance of the receipt of cash attributable to such income. In general, U.S. Holders will calculate the U.S. dollar value of OID based on the average euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate during the applicable Accrual Period (or, with respect to an Accrual Period that spans two taxable years, at the average euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate for the partial period within the U.S. Holder’s taxable year). Alternatively, a U.S. Holder can elect to calculate the U.S. dollar value of OID based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the last day of the applicable Accrual Period (or, with respect to an Accrual Period that spans two taxable years, at the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the last day of the U.S. Holder’s taxable year) or, if the last day of the Accrual Period is within five business days of the U.S. Holder’s receipt of the payment of accrued OID, the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date of receipt. Any such election must be applied to all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS.
A U.S. Holder of Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes or Class F Notes generally will be required to include OID in income as it accrues (regardless of the U.S. Holder’s method of accounting). Accruals of any such OID generally will be made using a constant yield method, based on the weighted average life of the applicable Class rather than its stated maturity, possibly with periodic adjustments to reflect the difference between (x) the prepayment assumption under which the weighted average life was calculated and (y) actual prepayments on the Collateral Obligations. Accruals of OID on the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes, and Class F Notes will be calculated by assuming that interest will be paid over the life of the applicable Class based on the value of EURIBOR used in setting the interest rate for the first Accrual Period, and then adjusting the accrual for each subsequent Accrual Period based on the difference between the value of EURIBOR used in setting interest for that subsequent Accrual Period and the assumed rate. It is possible, however, that the IRS could assert, and a court could ultimately hold, that some other method of accruing OID on the Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes or Class F Notes should apply.
U.S. Holders of Class C Notes, Class D Notes, Class E Notes, or Class F Notes also will recognise foreign currency exchange gain or loss on the receipt of interest and/or principal payments on their Notes to the extent that the U.S. dollar value of such payments (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date such payments are received) differs from the U.S. dollar value of the corresponding amounts of OID when they were accrued. The foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss.
Sale, Exchange or Retirement. In general, a U.S. Holder of a Class C Note, Class D Note, Class E Note or Class F Note will have a basis in such Note equal to the U.S. dollar value of the cost of such Note (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date the Note was acquired, or the settlement date for the purchase of the Note if the Note is treated under applicable Treasury regulations as a security traded on an established securities market and the U.S. Holder either uses the cash method of accounting, or uses the accrual method of accounting and so elects (which election must be applied consistently from year to year)), (i) increased by any amount includable in income by such U.S. Holder as OID (as described above), and (ii) reduced by the U.S. dollar value of any payments received on such Note (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date any such payments were received). A U.S. Holder will generally recognise foreign currency exchange gain or loss on
the receipt of any principal payments on a Class C Note, Class D Note, Class E Note or Class F Note prior to a sale, exchange, or retirement of such Note to the extent that the U.S. dollar value of each such principal payment (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date any such payment was received) differs from the
U.S. dollar value of the equivalent principal amount of the Note (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date the Note was acquired). Any such foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss.
Upon a sale, exchange, or retirement of a Class C Note, Class D Note, Class E Note or Class F Note, a U.S. Holder will generally recognise gain or loss equal to the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the amount realised on the sale, exchange, or retirement and the holder’s tax basis in such Note. Any such gain or loss will be foreign currency exchange gain or loss to the extent that the U.S. dollar value of the principal amount of the Note on the date of the sale, exchange, or retirement (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on such date) differs from the U.S. dollar value of the equivalent principal amount of the Note (based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date the Note was acquired). The U.S. dollar value of the amount realised generally is based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date of the disposition. However, if the Notes are treated under applicable Treasury regulations as stock or securities traded on an established securities market and the U.S. Holder uses the cash method of accounting, then the U.S. dollar value of the amount realised is based instead on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the settlement date for the disposition. U.S. Holders that use the accrual method of accounting also may elect to use the settlement date valuation, provided that they apply it consistently from year to year. Any such foreign currency exchange gain or loss generally will be treated as ordinary income or loss. Any gain or loss in excess of foreign currency exchange gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder held the Note for more than one year at the time of disposition. In certain circumstances, U.S. Holders who are individuals may be entitled to preferential tax rates for net long-term capital gains; however, the ability of U.S. Holders to offset capital losses against ordinary income is limited.
Alternative Characterisation

It is possible that the Rated Notes could be treated as “contingent payment debt instruments” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In this event, the timing of a U.S. Holder’s OID inclusions could differ from that described above and any gain recognised on the sale, exchange, or retirement of such Notes would be treated as ordinary income and not as capital gain.
Receipt of Euro

U.S. Holders will have a tax basis in any euro received in respect of the Notes on a sale, redemption, or other disposition of the Notes equal to the U.S. dollar value of the euro on that date. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale, exchange, or other disposition of those euro generally will be ordinary income or loss. A U.S. Holder that converts the euro into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt generally should not recognise ordinary income or loss in respect of the conversion.
Base Rate Amendment

The Issuer may enter into one or more supplemental trust deeds or another modification to change the reference rate in respect of the Floating Rate Notes to an Alternative Base Rate (such change, a “Base Rate Amendment”). The U.S. federal income tax treatment of a Base Rate Amendment is unclear. If the Base Rate Amendment is treated as a “significant modification” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Base Rate Amendment could cause a U.S. Holder that holds Rated Notes that are subject to the Base Rate Amendment to recognize gain for
U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between (A)(i) the fair market value of the modified Rated Notes (if the Class is treated as publicly traded) or their principal amount (if the Class is not treated as publicly traded) less (ii) any accrued and unpaid interest (which will be taxable as such), and (B) the U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Rated Notes. Any gain will be long‐term capital gain if the applicable Notes were treated as held for more than one year at the time of the Base Rate Amendment, or otherwise short‐term capital gain. The tax on any such gain may exceed the after‐tax distributions on the modified Rated Notes during the taxable year in which the Base Rate Amendment occurs, in which case the U.S. Holder would be required to fund its tax liability in respect of the gain from other sources. In the event that a Base Rate Amendment is treated as a significant modification for U.S. federal income tax purposes, it is possible that a U.S. Holder’s holding period in respect of the modified Rated Notes will begin on the day following the modification. U.S. Holders may not be
permitted to recognize loss upon a Base Rate Amendment. Finally, a Base Rate Amendment could create or change the amount of any OID that U.S. Holders are required to include with respect to their Rated Notes. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of a Base Rate Amendment.
Possible Treatment of Class E Notes and Class F Notes as Equity for U.S. Federal Tax Purposes

As described above under “U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of the Notes”, the Issuer intends to treat the Class E Notes and Class F Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state, and local income and franchise tax purposes, and the Trust Deed requires Noteholders to treat the Class E Notes and Class F Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax purposes. Nevertheless, the IRS could assert, and a court could ultimately hold, that the Class E Notes and Class F Notes are equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
If the Class E Notes or Class F Notes are treated as equity in the Issuer, because the Issuer will be a passive foreign investment company (a “PFIC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, gain on the sale of the Class E Notes or Class F Notes could be treated as ordinary income and subject to an additional tax in the nature of interest, and certain interest on such Notes could be subject to the additional tax. A U.S. Holder of such Notes might be able to avoid the ordinary income treatment and additional tax by writing “Protective QEF Election” on the top of an IRS Form 8621, filling out the form, checking Box A (Election to Treat the PFIC as a QEF) and filing the form with the IRS with respect to their Class E Notes or Class F Notes, or by filing a protective statement with the IRS preserving the U.S. Holder’s ability to elect retroactively to treat the Issuer as a “qualified electing fund” (a “QEF”) and so electing at the appropriate time. Such a U.S. Holder also will be required to file an annual PFIC report. The Issuer will provide, upon request of a U.S. Holder of Class E or Class F Notes and at the expense of the Issuer, all information and documentation that a U.S. Holder of Class E Notes or Class F Notes making a “protective” QEF election with respect to the Issuer is required to obtain for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Alternatively, if the Class E Notes or Class F Notes are treated as equity in the Issuer, the Issuer is a controlled foreign corporation (a “CFC”), and a U.S. Holder of such Notes also is treated as a 10 per cent. United States shareholder with respect to the Issuer, then the U.S. Holder generally would be subject to the rules discussed below under “U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes—Investment in a Controlled Foreign Corporation” with respect to its Class E Notes and Class F Notes.
If the Issuer holds a Collateral Obligation (or an interest in an Issuer Subsidiary) that is treated as equity in a foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and if the Class E Notes or Class F Notes are treated as equity in the Issuer, U.S. Holders of Class E Notes or Class F Notes could be treated as owning an indirect equity interest in a PFIC or a CFC and could be subject to certain adverse tax consequences. In particular, a U.S. Holder of an indirect equity interest in a PFIC is treated as owning the PFIC directly. The U.S. Holder, and not the Issuer, would be required to make a QEF election with respect to each indirect interest in a PFIC. However, certain PFIC information statements are necessary for U.S. Holders that have made QEF elections, and there can be no assurance that the Issuer can obtain such statements from a PFIC. Thus, there can be no assurance that a U.S. Holder will be able to make the election with respect to any indirectly held PFIC.
In addition, if the Class E Notes or Class F Notes represent equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder of such Notes would be required to file an IRS Form 926 with the IRS if (i) such person is treated as owning, directly or by attribution, immediately after the U.S. Holder’s purchase of Notes, at least 10 per cent. by vote or value of the Issuer or (ii) the amount of cash transferred by such person (or any related person) to the Issuer during the 12-month period ending on the date of such purchase exceeds $100,000. U.S. Holders may wish to file a “protective” IRS Form 926 with respect to their Class E Notes and Class F Notes.
Finally, if the Class E Notes or Class F Notes represent equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder of such Notes will be required to file an IRS Form 5471 with the IRS if the U.S. Holder is treated as owning (actually or constructively) at least 10 per cent. by vote or value of the equity of the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and may be required to provide additional information regarding the Issuer annually on IRS Form 5471 if the U.S. Holder is treated as owning (actually or constructively) more than 50 per cent. by vote or value of the equity of the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes. U.S. Holders may wish to file a “protective” IRS Form 5471 with respect to their Class E Notes and Class F Notes.
U.S. Holders that fail to comply with these reporting requirements may be subject to adverse tax consequences, including a “tolling” of the statute of limitations with respect to their U.S. tax returns. Prospective U.S. Holders
of Class E Notes or Class F Notes should consult with their tax advisors regarding whether to make protective filings of IRS Forms 8621, 926 and 5471 with respect to such Notes and the consequences to them if the Class E Notes or Class F Notes are treated as equity in the Issuer.
U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes
Investment in a Passive Foreign Investment Company. The Issuer will be a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes will be subject to the PFIC rules, except for certain U.S. Holders that are subject to the rules relating to a CFC (as described below under “—Investment in a Controlled Foreign Corporation”). U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes should consider making an election to treat the Issuer as a QEF. Generally, a U.S. Holder makes a QEF election on IRS Form 8621, attaching a copy of that form to its U.S. federal income tax return for the first taxable year for which it held its Subordinated Notes. If a U.S. Holder makes a timely QEF election with respect to the Issuer, the electing U.S. Holder will be required in each taxable year to include in gross income (i) as ordinary income, the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s pro rata share of the Issuer’s ordinary earnings and (ii) as long-term capital gain, the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s pro rata share of the Issuer’s net capital gain, whether or not distributed. Because there is more than one class of Subordinated Notes, a U.S. Holder’s pro rata share of the Issuer’s ordinary earnings and net capital gain may exceed the amounts payable to the U.S. Holder on the Subordinated Notes during one or more taxable years. A
U.S. Holder will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction in respect of such income or gain. In addition, any losses of the Issuer in a taxable year will not be available to the U.S. Holder and may not be carried back or forward in computing the Issuer’s ordinary earnings and net capital gain in other taxable years. If applicable, the rules relating to a CFC, discussed below generally override those relating to a PFIC with respect to which a QEF election is in effect.
In certain cases in which a QEF does not distribute all of its earnings in a taxable year, the electing U.S. Holder may also be permitted to elect to defer payment of some or all of the taxes on the QEF’s income, subject to an interest charge (which is nondeductible to individuals) on the deferred amount. In this regard, prospective purchasers of Subordinated Notes should be aware that it is expected that the Collateral Obligations will include high-yield debt obligations and such instruments may have substantial OID, the cash payment of which may be deferred, perhaps for a substantial period of time. In addition, the Issuer may use proceeds from the sale of Collateral Obligations to retire other classes of Notes. As a result, in any given year, the Issuer may have substantial amounts of earnings for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are not distributed on the Subordinated Notes. Thus, absent an election to defer payment of taxes, U.S. Holders that make a QEF election with respect to the Issuer may owe tax on significant “phantom” income.
The Issuer will provide, upon request and at the Issuer’s expense, all information and documentation that a U.S. Holder of Subordinated Notes making a QEF election with respect to the Issuer is required to obtain for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
A U.S. Holder of Subordinated Notes (other than certain U.S. Holders that are subject to the rules relating to a CFC, described below) that does not make a timely QEF election will be required to report the U.S. dollar value of any gain on the disposition of its Subordinated Notes as ordinary income, rather than capital gain, and to compute the tax liability on such gain and any “Excess Distribution” (as defined below) received in respect of the Subordinated Notes as if such items had been earned ratably over each day in the U.S. Holder’s holding period (or a certain portion thereof) for the Subordinated Notes. The U.S. Holder will be subject to tax on such gain or Excess Distributions at the highest ordinary income tax rate for each taxable year in which such gain or Excess Distributions are treated as having been earned, other than the current year (for which the U.S. Holder’s regular ordinary income tax rate will apply), regardless of the rate otherwise applicable to the U.S. Holder. Further, such
U.S. Holder will also be liable for an interest charge (which is nondeductible to individuals) as if such income tax liabilities had been due with respect to each such year. For purposes of these rules, gifts, exchanges pursuant to corporate reorganisations and use of the Subordinated Notes as security for a loan may be treated as taxable dispositions of such Subordinated Notes. In addition, a stepped-up basis in the Subordinated Notes will not be available upon the death of an individual U.S. Holder who has not made a timely QEF election with respect to the Issuer.
An “Excess Distribution” is the amount by which the U.S. dollar value of distributions during a taxable year in respect of a Note exceeds 125 per cent. of the average amount of distributions in respect thereof during the three preceding taxable years (or, if shorter, the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Note).
In many cases, the U.S. federal income tax on any gain on disposition or receipt of Excess Distributions is likely to be substantially greater than the tax if a timely QEF election is made. A U.S. HOLDER OF SUBORDINATED NOTES SHOULD STRONGLY CONSIDER MAKING A QEF ELECTION WITH RESPECT TO THE ISSUER.
Investment in a Controlled Foreign Corporation. The Issuer will be a CFC if more than 50 per cent. of the equity interests in the Issuer, measured by reference to combined voting power or value, are owned directly, indirectly, or constructively by 10 per cent. United States shareholders. For this purpose, a “10 per cent. United States shareholder” is any United States person that possesses directly, indirectly, or constructively 10 per cent. or more of the combined voting power or value of all classes of equity in the Issuer. Thus, a U.S. Holder of Subordinated Notes (and/or any Rated Notes that are treated as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes) possessing directly, indirectly, or constructively, 10 per cent. or more of the voting power or value of the Subordinated Notes (and, if applicable, any Rated Notes that are treated as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes) would be treated as a 10 per cent. United States shareholder. If more than 50 per cent. of the Subordinated Notes (and any Rated Notes that are treated as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes), determined with respect to the combined voting power or value of the Subordinated Notes (and, if applicable, any Rated Notes that are treated as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes), are owned directly, indirectly, or constructively by such 10 per cent. United States shareholders, the Issuer will be treated as a CFC. If, for any given taxable year, the Issuer is treated as a CFC, a 10 per cent. United States shareholder of the Issuer will be required to include as ordinary income an amount equal to the U.S. dollar value of that person’s pro rata share of the Issuer’s “subpart F income” at the end of such taxable year. Among other items, and subject to certain exceptions, “subpart F income” includes dividends, interest, annuities, gains from the sale of shares and securities, certain gains from commodities transactions, certain types of insurance income and income from certain transactions with related parties. It is likely that, if the Issuer were a CFC, all of its income would be subpart F income. In general, for purposes of determining a 10 per cent. United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the Issuer’s subpart F income, the amount of the Issuer’s subpart F income attributable to each class of Subordinated Notes will be the amount that bears the same ratio to the Issuer’s total subpart F income as (1) the earnings and profits that would be distributed with respect to that class if all of the Issuer’s earnings and profits were distributed on the last day of the Issuer’s taxable year on which the Issuer is a CFC bear to (2) the Issuer’s total earnings and profits for that taxable year.
If the Issuer is treated as a CFC and a U.S. Holder is treated as a 10 per cent. United States shareholder of the Issuer, the Issuer will not be treated as a PFIC with respect to the U.S. Holder for the period during which the Issuer remains a CFC and the U.S. Holder remains a 10 per cent. United States shareholder of the Issuer (the “qualified portion” of the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Subordinated Notes). As a result, to the extent the Issuer’s subpart F income includes net capital gains, such gains will be treated as ordinary income to the 10 per cent. United States shareholder under the CFC rules, notwithstanding the fact that the character of such gains generally would otherwise be preserved under the QEF rules. If the qualified portion of the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Subordinated Notes subsequently ceases (either because the Issuer ceases to be a CFC or the U.S. Holder ceases to be a 10 per cent. United States shareholder), then solely for purposes of the PFIC rules, the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Subordinated Notes will be treated as beginning on the first day following the end of such qualified portion, unless the U.S. Holder has owned any Subordinated Notes for any period of time prior to such qualified portion and has not made a QEF election with respect to the Issuer. In that case, the Issuer will again be treated as a PFIC which is not a QEF with respect to the U.S. Holder and the beginning of the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the Subordinated Notes will continue to be the date upon which the U.S. Holder acquired the Subordinated Notes, unless the U.S. Holder makes an election to recognise gain with respect to the Subordinated Notes and a QEF election with respect to the Issuer. In the event that the Issuer is a CFC, then, at the request and expense of any U.S. Holder that is a 10 per cent. United States shareholder with respect to the Issuer, the Issuer will provide the information necessary for the U.S. Holder to comply with any filing requirements that arise as a result of the Issuer’s classification as a CFC.
Indirect Interests in PFICs and CFCs. If the Issuer owns a Collateral Obligation that is treated as equity in a foreign corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes could be treated as owning an indirect equity interest in a PFIC or a CFC and could be subject to certain adverse tax consequences.
In particular, a U.S. Holder of an indirect equity interest in a PFIC is treated as owning the PFIC directly. The
U.S. Holder, and not the Issuer, would be required to make a QEF election with respect to each indirect interest in a PFIC. However, certain PFIC information statements are necessary for U.S. Holders that have made QEF
elections, and there can be no assurance that the Issuer can obtain such statements from a PFIC, and thus there can be no assurance that a U.S. Holder will be able to make the election with respect to any indirectly held PFIC.
Accordingly, if the U.S. Holder has not made a QEF election with respect to the indirectly held PFIC, the U.S. Holder would be subject to the adverse consequences described above under “Investment in a Passive Foreign Investment Company” with respect to any Excess Distributions of such indirectly held PFIC, any gain indirectly realised by such U.S. Holder on the sale by the Issuer of such PFIC, and any gain indirectly realised by such U.S. Holder with respect to the indirectly held PFIC on the sale by the U.S. Holder of its Subordinated Notes (which may arise even if the U.S. Holder realises a loss on such sale). Moreover, if the U.S. Holder has made a QEF election with respect to the indirectly held PFIC, the U.S. Holder will be required to include in income the U.S. dollar value of its pro rata share of the indirectly held PFIC’s ordinary earnings and net capital gain as if the indirectly held PFIC were held directly (as described above), and the U.S. Holder will not be permitted to use any losses or other expenses of the Issuer to offset such ordinary earnings and/or net capital gains. Accordingly, if any of the Collateral Obligations are treated as equity interests in a PFIC, U.S. Holders could experience significant amounts of “phantom” income with respect to such interests.
If a Collateral Obligation is treated as an indirect equity interest in a CFC and a U.S. Holder owns directly, indirectly, or constructively 10 per cent. or more of the CFC’s voting power or value for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the U.S. Holder generally will be required to include the U.S. dollar value of its pro rata share of the CFC’s “subpart F income” as ordinary income at the end of each taxable year, as described above under “Investment in a Controlled Foreign Corporation”, regardless of whether the CFC distributed any amounts to the Issuer during such taxable year or whether the U.S. Holder made a QEF election with respect to the indirectly held CFC. In addition, the U.S. dollar value of gain realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale by the Issuer of the CFC, and the U.S. dollar value of gain realised by the U.S. Holder on the sale by the U.S. Holder of its Subordinated Notes (as described below), generally will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the U.S. Holder’s pro rata share of the CFC’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, reduced by any amounts previously taxed pursuant to the CFC rules. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax issues associated with such investments in light of their own individual circumstances.
Phantom Income. U.S. Holders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the amounts that exceed the distributions they receive on the Subordinated Notes. For example, if the Issuer is a CFC and a U.S. Holder is a 10 per cent. United States shareholder with respect to the Issuer, or a U.S. Holder makes a QEF election with respect to the Issuer, the U.S. Holder will be subject to federal income tax with respect to its share of the Issuer’s income and gain (to the extent of the Issuer’s “earnings and profits”), which may exceed the Issuer’s distributions. It is expected that the Issuer’s income and gain (and earnings and profits) will exceed cash distributions with respect to (i) debt instruments that were issued with OID and are held by the Issuer, and (ii) the acquisition at a discount of the Rated Notes by the Issuer (including by reason of a Refinancing or any deemed exchange that occurs for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of a modification of the Trust Deed). U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the timing of income and gain on the Subordinated Notes.
Distributions. The treatment of actual distributions of cash on the Subordinated Notes will vary depending on whether the U.S. Holder of such Subordinated Notes has made a timely QEF election (as described above). See “Investment in a Passive Foreign Investment Company”. If a timely QEF election has been made, distributions should be allocated first to amounts previously taxed pursuant to the QEF election (or pursuant to the CFC rules, if applicable) and to this extent will not be taxable to such U.S. Holder. Distributions in excess of such previously taxed amounts will be treated first as a nontaxable return of capital, to the extent of the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Subordinated Notes (as described below under “Sale, Redemption, or Other Disposition”), and then as a disposition of a portion of the Subordinated Notes. In addition, a U.S. Holder will recognise exchange gain or loss with respect to amounts previously taxed pursuant to the QEF election (or pursuant to the CFC rules, if applicable) equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar value of the distribution on the date received and the U.S. dollar value of the previously taxed amount. Any exchange gain or loss will generally be treated as ordinary income or loss.
If a U.S. Holder has not made a timely QEF election with respect to the Issuer then, except to the extent that distributions are attributable to amounts previously taxed pursuant to the CFC rules, some or all of any distributions with respect to the Subordinated Notes may constitute Excess Distributions, taxable as described above under the heading “Investment in a Passive Foreign Investment Company”. Distributions that do not constitute Excess Distributions will be taxable to U.S. Holders as ordinary income upon receipt to the extent of
untaxed current and accumulated earnings and profits of the Issuer. Distributions that do not constitute Excess Distributions and are in excess of untaxed current and accumulated earnings and profits of the Issuer will be treated first as a nontaxable return of capital, to the extent of a U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Subordinated Notes , and then as a disposition of a portion of the Subordinated Notes and subject to an additional tax reflecting a deemed interest charge, as described below under “—Sale, Redemption, or Other Disposition”.
Distributions on the Subordinated Notes will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction, and will not qualify as “qualified dividend income”.
Sale, Redemption, or Other Disposition. In general, a U.S. Holder of Subordinated Notes will recognise gain or loss upon the sale, redemption, or other disposition of the Subordinated Notes (including a distribution that is treated as a disposition of the Subordinated Notes, as described above under “Distributions”) equal to the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the amount realised and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the Subordinated Notes. The U.S. dollar value of the amount realised generally is based on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the date of the disposition. However, if the Subordinated Notes are treated under applicable Treasury regulations as stock or securities traded on an established securities market and the U.S. Holder uses the cash method of accounting, then the U.S. dollar value of the amount realised is based instead on the euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate on the settlement date for the disposition. U.S. Holders that use the accrual method of accounting also may elect to use the settlement date valuation, provided that they apply it consistently from year to year.
A U.S. Holder’s tax basis in its Subordinated Notes initially will equal the U.S. dollar value of the amount paid by the U.S. Holder for the Subordinated Notes, determined under rules analogous to the rules for determining the
U.S. dollar value of the amount realised. The U.S. Holder’s tax basis in the Subordinated Notes will be increased by amounts taxable to the U.S. Holder by reason of any QEF election, or by reason of the CFC rules, as applicable, and decreased by the U.S. dollar value of actual distributions by the Issuer that are deemed to consist of such previously taxed amounts or are treated as a nontaxable return of capital, as described above under “Distributions”.
If the U.S. Holder has made a timely QEF election with respect to the Issuer, then, except to the extent that the Issuer is treated as a CFC and the U.S. Holder is treated as a 10 per cent. United States shareholder of the Issuer, gain or loss upon the sale, redemption, or other disposition of the Subordinated Notes generally will be treated as foreign currency exchange gain or loss, and taxable as ordinary income or loss, to the extent of the positive or negative change in the U.S. dollar value of any amounts previously taxed pursuant to the QEF election from the date of each deemed distribution pursuant to the election (based on the average euro-to-U.S. dollar spot exchange rate for the applicable taxable year) to the date of the disposition. Any gain or loss in excess of foreign currency exchange gain or loss will be capital gain or loss, and generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder has held the Subordinated Notes for more than one year at the time of the disposition. In certain circumstances, U.S. Holders who are individuals may be entitled to preferential tax rates for net long-term capital gains; however, the ability of U.S. Holders to offset capital losses against ordinary income is limited.
If a U.S. Holder does not make a timely QEF election with respect to the Issuer as described above and is not subject to the CFC rules, any gain realised on the sale, redemption, or other disposition of a Subordinated Note (or any gain deemed to accrue prior to the time a non-timely QEF election is made) will be taxed as ordinary income and subject to an additional tax reflecting a deemed interest charge under the special tax rules described above. See “Investment in a Passive Foreign Investment Company”.
If the Issuer is treated as a CFC and a U.S. Holder is treated as a 10 per cent. United States shareholder of the Issuer, then any gain or loss realised by the U.S. Holder upon a sale, redemption, or other disposition of the Subordinated Notes, other than gain or loss subject to the PFIC rules, if applicable, generally will be treated as foreign currency exchange gain or loss, and taxable as ordinary income or loss, to the extent of the positive or negative change in the U.S. dollar value of any amounts previously taxed pursuant to the CFC rules from the date of each deemed distribution pursuant to the CFC rules (based on the average euro-to-U.S. dollar exchange rate for the applicable taxable year) to the date of the disposition. Any gain in excess of foreign currency exchange gain will be treated as ordinary income to the extent of the U.S. dollar value of the U.S. Holder’s pro rata share of the Issuer’s previously untaxed earnings and profits.
In addition, as described above under “Indirect Interests in PFICs and CFCs”, the U.S. dollar value of any gain attributable to interests in PFICs or CFCs owned by the Issuer may be treated as ordinary income to a U.S. Holder upon the sale, redemption, or other disposition of the U.S. Holder’s Subordinated Notes.
If the Issuer is treated as a CFC, in certain cases, a corporate U.S. Holder that is a 10 per cent. United States shareholder of the Issuer may be eligible for a dividends received deduction to the extent any gain recognised on the disposition of a Subordinated Note is treated as ordinary income or to the extent that such 10 per cent. United States shareholder receives a distribution that is treated as a dividend in the year in which it disposes of a Subordinated Note, in each case, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the availability of any dividends received deduction and the impact of such dividends received deduction on any such U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Subordinated Notes.
Receipt of Euro. U.S. Holders will have a tax basis in any euro received in respect of the Notes on a sale, redemption, or other disposition of the Notes equal to the U.S. dollar value of the euro on that date. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale, exchange, or other disposition of those euro generally will be ordinary income or loss. A U.S. Holder that converts the euro into U.S. dollars on the date of receipt generally should not recognise ordinary income or loss in respect of the conversion.
Transfer and Information Reporting Requirements. A U.S. Holder that purchases the Subordinated Notes will be required to file an IRS Form 926 with the IRS if (i) such person is treated as owning, directly or by attribution, immediately after the U.S. Holder’s purchase of Notes, at least 10 per cent. by vote or value of the Issuer or (ii) the amount of cash transferred by such person (or any related person) to the Issuer during the 12-month period ending on the date of such transfer exceeds $100,000.
A U.S. Holder that is treated as owning (actually or constructively) at least 10 per cent. by vote or value of the equity of the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes will be required to file an information return on IRS Form 5471, and may be required to provide additional information regarding the Issuer annually on IRS Form 5471 if it is treated as owning (actually or constructively) more than 50 per cent. by vote or value of the equity of the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
In addition, U.S. Holders generally will be required to file an annual PFIC report.
U.S. Holders that fail to comply with these reporting requirements may be subject to adverse tax consequences, including a “tolling” of the statute of limitations with respect to their U.S. tax returns. U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisors with respect to these or any other reporting requirements that may apply with respect to their acquisition or ownership of the Subordinated Notes.
Specified Foreign Financial Asset Reporting
Certain U.S. Holders may be subject to reporting obligations with respect to their Notes if they do not hold their Notes in an account maintained by a financial institution and the aggregate value of their Notes and certain other “specified foreign financial assets” (applying certain attribution rules) exceeds $50,000. Significant penalties can apply if a U.S. Holder is required to disclose its Notes and fails to do so.
3.8 per cent. Medicare Tax on “Net Investment Income”
U.S. Holders that are individuals or estates and certain trusts are subject to an additional 3.8 per cent. tax on all or a portion of their “net investment income”, or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust, which may include any income or gain with respect to the Notes, to the extent of their net investment income or undistributed net investment income (as the case may be) that, when added to their other modified adjusted gross income, exceeds $200,000 for an unmarried individual, $250,000 for a married taxpayer filing a joint return (or a surviving spouse), $125,000 for a married individual filing a separate return, or the dollar amount at which the highest tax bracket begins for an estate or trust. The 3.8 per cent. Medicare tax is determined in a different manner than the regular income tax and special rules apply with respect to the PFIC and CFC rules described above. U.S. Holders should consult their advisors with respect to the 3.8 per cent. Medicare tax.
FBAR Reporting
A U.S. Holder of Subordinated Notes (or any Class of Notes that are treated as equity in the Issuer for U.S. federal income tax purposes) may be required to file FinCEN Form 114 with respect to foreign financial accounts in which the Issuer has a financial interest if the U.S. Holder holds more than 50 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Notes or is otherwise treated as owning more than 50 per cent. of the total value or voting power of the Issuer’s outstanding equity.
Reportable Transactions
A participant in a “reportable transaction” is required to disclose its participation in such a transaction on IRS Form 8886. Any foreign currency exchange loss in excess of $50,000 recognised by a U.S. Holder may be subject to this disclosure requirement. Failure to comply with this disclosure requirement can result in substantial penalties. U.S. Holders should consult their advisors with respect to the requirement to disclose reportable transactions.
U.S. Federal Tax Treatment of Non-U.S. Holders of Notes
In general, payments on the Notes to a Non-U.S. Holder that provides appropriate tax certifications to the Issuer and gain realised on the sale, exchange or retirement of the Notes by the Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to
U.S. federal income or withholding tax unless (i) such income is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by such Non-U.S. Holder in the United States, or (ii) in the case of gain, such Non-U.S. Holder is a nonresident alien individual who holds the Notes as a capital asset and is present in the United States for more than 182 days in the taxable year of the sale and certain other conditions are satisfied.
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding
Under certain circumstances, the Code requires “information reporting” annually to the IRS and to each holder, and “backup withholding”, with respect to certain payments made on or with respect to the Notes. Backup withholding will apply to a U.S. Holder only if the U.S. Holder (i) fails to furnish its Taxpayer Identification Number (“TIN”) which, for an individual, would be his or her Social Security Number, (ii) furnishes an incorrect TIN, (iii) is notified by the IRS that it has failed to properly report payments of interest and dividends, or (iv) under certain circumstances, fails to certify, under penalties of perjury, that it has furnished a correct TIN and has not been notified by the IRS that it is subject to backup withholding for failure to report interest and dividend payments. The exemption generally is available to U.S. Holders that provide a properly completed IRS Form W-9.
A Non-U.S. Holder that provides an applicable IRS Form W-8, together with all appropriate attachments, signed under penalties of perjury, identifying the Non-U.S. Holder and stating that the Non-U.S. Holder is not a United States person, will not be subject to IRS reporting requirements and U.S. backup withholding.
Information reporting and backup withholding may apply to the proceeds of a sale of Notes made within the United States or conducted through certain U.S. related financial intermediaries, unless the payor receives the statement described above or the Non-U.S. Holder otherwise establishes an exemption.
Backup withholding is not an additional tax and may be refunded (or credited against the holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any), provided that certain required information is furnished. The information reporting requirements may apply regardless of whether withholding is required. Copies of the information returns also may be made available to the tax authorities in the country in which a Non-U.S. Holder is a resident under the provisions of an applicable income tax treaty or agreement.
FATCA
Under FATCA, the Issuer may be subject to a 30 per cent. withholding tax on certain income. Under an intergovernmental agreement entered into between the United States and Ireland, the Issuer will not be subject to withholding under FATCA if it complies with Irish implementing legislation that will require the Issuer to provide the name, address, and taxpayer identification number of, and certain other information with respect to, certain holders of Notes to taxing authorities in Ireland, which would then provide this information to the IRS. The Issuer expects to comply with the intergovernmental agreement and the implementing legislation. However, there can
be no assurance that the Issuer will be able to do so. Moreover, the intergovernmental agreement could be amended to require the Issuer to withhold on “passthru” payments to holders that fail to provide certain information to the Issuer or are certain “foreign financial institutions” that do not comply with FATCA.
If a Noteholder fails to provide the Issuer or its agents with any correct, complete and accurate information or documentation that may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA and to prevent the imposition of tax under FATCA on payments to or for the benefit of the Issuer, or if the Noteholder’s ownership of any Notes would otherwise cause the Issuer to be subject to tax under FATCA, the Issuer is authorised to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the Noteholder, to compel the Noteholder to sell its Notes (other than the Retention Notes), and, if the Noteholder does not sell its Notes (other than the Retention Notes) within 10 Business Days after notice from the Issuer, to sell the Noteholder’s Notes on behalf of the Noteholder.
Taxation in Respect of Issuer Subsidiaries
The Issuer may hold certain assets in one or more Issuer Subsidiaries, which will be treated as either U.S. or foreign corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Any foreign Issuer Subsidiary may be treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States and subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at regular corporate tax rates (and possibly a 30 per cent. branch profits tax), may file U.S. tax returns and reports (or protective U.S. tax returns and reports), and/or may be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on some or all of its income. Any U.S. Issuer Subsidiary would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at regular corporate tax rates, and would be required to file U.S. tax returns and reports. In addition, distributions from a U.S. Issuer Subsidiary to the Issuer may be subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax. U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes will not be permitted to use losses recognised by an Issuer Subsidiary to offset gains recognised by the Issuer, and U.S. Holders of Subordinated Notes may be subject to adverse PFIC or CFC rules with respect to the Issuer Subsidiary, as described above. The existence of both a U.S. Issuer Subsidiary and a foreign Issuer Subsidiary may, in and of itself, cause the foreign Issuer Subsidiary to be treated as a CFC. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisors regarding their consequences if the Issuer organises an Issuer Subsidiary.
Future Legislation and Regulatory Changes Affecting Noteholders
Future legislation, regulations, rulings or other authority could affect the federal income tax treatment of the Issuer and Noteholders. The Issuer cannot predict whether and to what extent any such legislative or administrative changes could change the tax consequences to the Issuer and to the Noteholders. Prospective Noteholders should consult their tax advisors regarding possible legislative and administrative changes and their effect on the federal tax treatment of the Issuer and their investment in the Notes.
THE DISCUSSION ABOVE IS A GENERAL SUMMARY. IT DOES NOT COVER ALL TAX MATTERS THAT MAY BE OF IMPORTANCE TO A PARTICULAR NOTEHOLDER. EACH PROSPECTIVE NOTEHOLDER IS STRONGLY URGED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISOR ABOUT THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES UNDER THE NOTEHOLDER’S OWN CIRCUMSTANCES.
The Common Reporting Standard
The common reporting standard framework was first released by the OECD in February 2014 as a result of the G20 members endorsing a global model of automatic exchange of information in order to increase international tax transparency. On 21 July 2014, the Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters was published by the OECD and this includes the Common Reporting Standard (the “CRS”). The goal of the CRS is to provide for the annual automatic exchange between governments of financial account information reported to them by local reporting financial institutions (as defined) (“FIs”) relating to account holders who are tax resident in other participating jurisdictions.
Directive 2014/107/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the Field of Taxation (“DAC II”) implements the CRS in a European context and creates a mandatory obligation for all EU Member States to exchange financial account information in respect of residents in other EU Member States on an annual basis.
Ireland is a signatory jurisdiction to a Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information in respect of the CRS. Section 891F and 891G of the TCA , as amended, contain measures necessary to implement the CRS internationally and across the European Union, respectively. The Returns of Certain Information by Reporting Financial Institutions Regulations 2015 of Ireland (the “Regulations”) gave effect to the CRS and the Mandatory Automatic Exchange of Information in the Field of Taxation Regulations 2015 gave effect to DAC II from 1 January 2016.
The Irish Revenue Commissioners have issued regulations to implement the requirements of the CRS and DAC II into Irish law under which Irish FIs (such as the Issuer) will be obliged to make a single return in respect of CRS and DAC II. For the purposes of complying with its obligations under CRS and DAC II, an Irish FI (such as the Issuer) shall be entitled to require Noteholders to provide any information regarding their and, in certain circumstances, their controlling persons’ tax status, identity or residence in order to satisfy any reporting requirements which the Issuer may have as a result of CRS and DAC II and Noteholders will be deemed, by their holding to have authorised the automatic disclosure of such information by the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) or any other person to the Irish Revenue Commissioners. The information will be provided to the Irish Revenue Commissioners who will exchange the information with the tax authorities of other participating jurisdictions, as applicable. Failure by an Irish FI to comply with its CRS and DAC II obligations may result in the Issuer being deemed to be non-compliant in respect of its CRS obligations and monetary penalties may be imposed on a non-compliant FI under Irish legislation.
The Issuer (or any nominated service provider) will agree that information (including the identity of any Noteholder) supplied for the purposes of CRS and DAC II compliance is intended for the Issuer’s (or any nominated service provider’s) use for the purposes of satisfying CRS and DAC II requirements and the Issuer (or any nominated service provider) will agree, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that it will take reasonable steps to treat such information in a confidential manner, except that the Issuer may disclose such information (i) to its officers, directors, agents and advisors, (ii) to the extent reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with tax matters, including achieving CRS and DAC II compliance, (iii) to any person with the consent of the applicable Noteholder, or (iv) as otherwise required by law or court order or on the advice of its advisors. Further information in relation to CRS can be found on the Automatic Exchange of Information webpage on www.revenue.ie.
CERTAIN ERISA CONSIDERATIONS
ERISA imposes certain requirements on “employee benefit plans” subject thereto and on entities (such as collective investment funds, insurance company separate accounts and some insurance company general accounts) the underlying assets of which include the assets of such plans (collectively, “ERISA Plans”), and on those persons who are fiduciaries with respect to ERISA Plans. Investments by ERISA Plans are subject to ERISA’s general fiduciary requirements, including the requirement of prudence, diversification, and that investments be made in accordance with the documents governing the ERISA Plan. The prudence of a particular investment must be determined by the responsible fiduciary of an ERISA Plan by taking into account the ERISA Plan’s particular circumstances and all of the facts and circumstances of the investment.
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan, as well as assets of those plans that are not subject to ERISA but which are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts and Keogh plans, and entities the underlying assets of which include the assets of such plans (together with ERISA Plans, “Plans”) and certain persons (referred to as “parties in interest” under ERISA or “disqualified persons” under the Code (collectively, “Parties in Interest”)) having certain relationships to such Plans, unless a statutory or administrative exception or exemption is applicable to the transaction. A Party in Interest who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code and the transaction may have to be rescinded at significant cost to the Issuer.
Governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of ERISA) and certain non U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility or prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA or the provisions of Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to substantially similar rules under federal, state, local or non U.S. laws, and may be subject to the prohibited transaction rules of Section 503 of the Code.
Under ERISA and regulations issued by the United States Department of Labor (29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA, and applicable guidance (the “Plan Asset Regulation”)), if a Plan invests in an “equity interest” of an entity that is neither a “publicly offered security” nor a security issued by an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Plan’s assets are deemed to include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity’s underlying assets, unless it is established (a) that the entity is an “operating company”, as that term is defined in the Plan Asset Regulation, or
(b) that less than 25 per cent. of the total value of each class of equity interest in the entity, disregarding the value of any equity interests held by persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) with discretionary authority or control over the assets of the entity or who provide investment advice for a fee with respect to such assets (such as the Collateral Manager), and their respective Affiliates (each a “Controlling Person”), is held by Benefit Plan Investors (the “25 per cent. Limitation”). A “Benefit Plan Investor” means (1) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), subject to the provisions of Part 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA, (2) a plan to which Section 4975 of the Code applies, or (3) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason of such an employee benefit plan’s or plan’s investment in such entity.
If the underlying assets of the Issuer are deemed to be Plan assets, the obligations and other responsibilities of Plan sponsors, Plan fiduciaries, Plan administrators, and of Parties in Interest, under Parts 1 and 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, as applicable, may be expanded, and there may be an increase in their liability under these and other provisions of ERISA and the Code. In addition, various providers of fiduciary or other services to the Issuer, and any other parties with authority or control with respect to the Issuer, could be deemed to be Plan fiduciaries or otherwise parties in interest or disqualified persons by virtue of their provision of such services (and there could be an improper delegation of authority to such providers).
The Plan Asset Regulation defines an “equity interest” as any interest in an entity other than an instrument that is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and that has no substantial equity features. Although it is not free from doubt, the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes and the Class D Notes offered hereby will be treated by the Issuer as indebtedness with no substantial equity features for purposes of ERISA. However, the characteristics of the Class E Notes and, to a greater extent, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation are less certain. The Class E Notes and the Class F Notes may, and the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes will likely be considered “equity interests” for purposes of the Plan Asset Regulation. Accordingly, the Issuer intends to limit investments by Benefit Plan
Investors and Controlling Persons in such Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes and Subordinated Notes. In reliance on representations made by investors in the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer intends to limit investment by Benefit Plan Investors in each of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes to less than 25 per cent. of the total value of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes (determined separately by each class) at all times (excluding for purposes of such calculation the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes held by a Controlling Person). Each prospective purchaser (including a transferee) of a Class E Note, a Class F Note, a Class Z Note or a Subordinated Note will be required to make certain representations regarding its status as a Benefit Plan Investor or Controlling Person and other ERISA matters as described under “Transfer Restrictions” below. No Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes will be sold or transferred to purchasers that have represented that they are Benefit Plan Investors or Controlling Persons to the extent that such sale may result in Benefit Plan Investors owning 25 per cent. or more of the total value of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes (determined separately by each class and in accordance with the Plan Asset Regulation and the Trust Deed). Each Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note and Subordinated Note held by persons that have represented that they are Controlling Persons will be disregarded and will not be treated as outstanding for purposes of determining compliance with such 25 per cent. Limitation.
Even assuming the Class A Notes, Class B Notes, Class C Notes and Class D Notes are not treated as equity interests in the Issuer for purposes of ERISA, these Notes are subject to other restrictions and, it is possible that an investment in such Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor (or with the use of the assets of a Benefit Plan Investor) could be treated as a prohibited transaction under ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code. Such a prohibited transaction, however, may be subject to a statutory or administrative exemption. Even if an exemption (as described below) were to apply, such exemption may not, however, apply to all of the transactions that could be deemed prohibited transactions in connection with an investment in the Notes by a Benefit Plan Investor.
Each of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, a Collateral Manager Related Person or their respective Affiliates may be the sponsor of, or investment adviser with respect to one, or more, Plans. Because such parties may receive certain benefits in connection with the sale of the Notes to such Plans, whether or not the Notes are treated as equity interests in the Issuer, the purchase of such Notes using the assets of a Plan over which any of such parties has investment authority might be deemed to be a violation of the prohibited transaction rules of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code for which no exemption may be available. Accordingly, the Notes may not be acquired using the assets of any Plan if any of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, a Collateral Manager Related Person or their respective Affiliates has investment authority with respect to such assets (except to the extent (if any) that a favourable statutory or administrative exemption or exception applies or the transaction is not otherwise prohibited).
Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, in certain cases, depending in part on the type of fiduciary making the decision to acquire any Notes and the circumstances under which such decision is made. Included among these exemptions are Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to transactions with certain service providers) and Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption (“PTCE”) 91-38 (relating to investments by bank collective investment funds), PTCE 84-14 (relating to transactions effected by independent “qualified professional asset managers”), PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 96-23 (relating to transactions determined by certain “in-house asset managers”). There can be no assurance that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving the Notes.
It should be noted that an insurance company’s general account may be deemed to include assets of Plans under certain circumstances, e.g., where a Plan purchases an annuity contract issued by such an insurance company, based on the reasoning of the United States Supreme Court in John Hancock Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Harris Trust and Savings Bank, 510 U.S. 86 (1993). An insurance company considering the purchase of Notes with assets of its general account should consider such purchase and the insurance company’s ability to make the representations described above in light of John Hancock Mutual Life Ins. Co. v. Harris Trust and Savings Bank, Section 401(c) of ERISA and a regulation promulgated by the U.S. Department of Labor under that Section of ERISA, 29 C.F.R. Section 2550.401c-1.
Each purchaser and transferee of a Class A Note, Class B Note, Class C Note or Class D Note or any interest in such Note will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed that (i) either (A) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of (and for so long as it holds any such Note or interest therein will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of), a Benefit Plan Investor or a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any federal, state, local or non-U.S. law or regulation that is substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code (“Other Plan Law”), and no part of the assets to be used by it to acquire or hold such Note or any interest therein constitutes the assets of any Benefit Plan Investor or such governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, or (B) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interests therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case of a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law, and (ii) it will not sell or transfer such Notes (or interests therein) to a transferee acquiring such Notes (or interests therein) unless the transferee makes the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements described in clause (i) hereof.
Except as otherwise permitted in writing by the Issuer and where an ERISA certificate (substantially in the form of Annex C (Form of ERISA Certificate) hereto) has been provided to the Issuer with respect to Notes acquired on the Issue Date, each initial investor and each transferee of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note in the form of a Regulation S Global Certificate or a Rule 144A Global Certificate will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree that it is not and is not acting on behalf of (and for so long as it holds such notes will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of), a Benefit Plan Investor or Controlling Person. A governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan will be deemed to represent that, (1) for so long as it holds such Note or interest therein, it will not be subject to any federal, state, local non-U.S. or other law or regulation that could cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of the investor in any Note (or interest therein) by virtue of its interests and thereby subject the Issuer or the Collateral Manager (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer’s assets) to any Other Plan Law (“Similar Law”) and (2) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interests therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law. Each holder of a Class E Note, a Class F Note, a Class Z Note or a Subordinated Note will agree or be deemed to agree to certain transfer restrictions regarding its interest in such Note.
An initial investor or transferee that is a Controlling Person, a Benefit Plan Investor or acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor may acquire a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note in Definitive Certificate form (or, on the Issue Date only, in the form of a Global Certificate) or interest therein if such initial investor or transferee: (A) obtains the written consent of the Issuer and (B) provides an ERISA certificate (substantially in the form of Annex C (Form of ERISA Certificate) hereto) to the Issuer and a Transfer Agent as to its status as a Benefit Plan Investor or Controlling Person. A purchaser or transferee or other holder of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note in the form of a Definitive Certificate or any interest therein will be required to (i) represent and warrant in writing to the Issuer in an ERISA certificate (substantially in the form of Annex C (Form of ERISA Certificate) hereto) (1) whether or not, for so long as it holds such Note or interest therein, it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor or is a Controlling Person and (2) that if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor, its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note or interest therein will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code. If such purchaser or transferee is a governmental, church, non-U.S. plan or other plan, (x) it is not, and for so long as it holds such Note or interest therein, will not be, subject to any Similar Law,
(y) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note or interest therein will not constitute or result in a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law, and (z) it agrees to certain transfer restrictions regarding its interest in such Note. Any purported transfer of the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes in violation of the requirements set forth in this paragraph shall be null and void ab initio and the Issuer will have the right to cause the sale of such Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes to another acquirer that complies with the requirements of this paragraph and the immediately preceding paragraph in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed.
No transfer of an interest in Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes will be permitted or recognised if it would cause the 25 per cent. Limitation described above to be exceeded with respect to the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes (determined separately by each class).
Any Plan fiduciary considering whether to acquire a Note on behalf of a Plan or an employee benefit plan whether or not subject to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code should consult with its counsel regarding the potential consequences of such investment, the applicability of the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction
provisions of ERISA and the Code and/or provisions of Other Plan Law or Similar Law, and the scope of any available exemption relating to such investment. Any purchaser or transferee of any Note that is a Benefit Plan Investor understands and agrees that (i) none of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee or the Collateral Manager nor any of their affiliates, has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor (“Plan Fiduciary”), has relied as a primary basis in connection with its decision to invest in the Notes; and (ii) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the investment in the Notes.
The sale of Notes to a Plan or an employee benefit plan not subject to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code is in no respect a representation or warranty by the Issuer, or any other person, that this investment meets all relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by Plans or such other plans generally or any particular plan, that any prohibited transaction exemption would apply to the acquisition, holding, or disposition of this investment by such plans in general or any particular plan, or that this investment is appropriate for such plans generally or any particular plan.
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
The following section consists of a summary of certain provisions of the Subscription Agreement which does not purport to be complete and is qualified by reference to the detailed provisions of such agreements.

Barclays Bank PLC (including acting through an Affiliate thereof) (in its capacity as initial purchaser, the “Initial Purchaser”) has agreed with the Issuer, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to subscribe and pay for each Class of the Notes (other than certain Class Z Notes being sold directly by the Issuer to the Retention Holder) (the “Subscribed Notes”) pursuant to the Subscription Agreement at the prices set out therein. The Subscription Agreement entitles the Initial Purchaser to terminate it in certain circumstances prior to payment being made to the Issuer. The Initial Purchaser may offer the Subscribed Notes at prices as may be privately negotiated at the time of sale, which may vary among different purchasers and may be different from the issue price of the Notes.
The Retention Holder has agreed with the Initial Purchaser and the Issuer, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to purchase the Retention Notes on the Issue Date from the Initial Purchaser and the Issuer (as applicable) at the applicable issue prices set out in the Retention Note Purchase Agreement.
It is a condition of the issue of the Notes of each Class that the Notes of each other Class be issued in the following principal amounts: Class A Notes: €186,000,000, Class B-1 Notes: €11,200,000, Class B-2 Notes: €12,400,000, Class C Notes: €18,900,000, Class D Notes: €20,500,000, Class E Notes: €18,600,000, Class F Notes:
€5,100,000, Class Z Notes: €15,000,000 and Subordinated Notes: €28,050,000.
Pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager, the Collateral Administrator, the Trustee and certain other participants against certain liabilities or to contribute to payments it may be required to make in respect thereof.
Certain of the Collateral Obligations may have been originally underwritten or placed by the Initial Purchaser. In addition, the Initial Purchaser may have in the past performed and may in the future perform investment banking services or other services for issuers of the Collateral Obligations. In addition, the Initial Purchaser and its Affiliates may from time to time, as a principal or through one or more investment funds that it or they manage, make investments in the equity securities of one or more of the issuers of the Collateral Obligations, with a result that one or more of such issuers may be or may become controlled by the Initial Purchaser or its Affiliates.
No action has been or will be taken by the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Collateral Manager or the Retention Holder that would permit a public offering of the Notes or possession or distribution of this Offering Circular or any other offering material in relation to the Notes in any jurisdiction where action for the purpose is required. No offers, sales or deliveries of any Notes, or distribution of this Offering Circular or any other offering material relating to the Notes, may be made in or from any jurisdiction, except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and will not impose any obligations on the Issuer or the Initial Purchaser.
United States
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. Persons or to U.S. Residents except in certain transactions exempt from, or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and in the manner so as not to require the registration of the Issuer as an “investment company” pursuant to the Investment Company Act.
The Issuer has been advised that the Initial Purchaser proposes to resell the Subscribed Notes (a) outside the United States to non-U.S. Persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S and in accordance with applicable law and (b) in the United States (directly or through its U.S. broker dealer Affiliate) in reliance on Rule 144A only to or for the accounts of QIBs, provided that each of such purchasers or accountholders is also a QP. The Initial Purchaser and/or its Affiliates may retain a certain proportion of the Subscribed Notes in their portfolios with an intention to hold to maturity or to trade. The holding or any sale of the Notes by these parties may adversely affect the liquidity of the Notes and may also affect the prices of the Notes in the primary or secondary market.
The Notes sold in reliance on Rule 144A will be issued in minimum denominations of €250,000 and integral multiples of (i) in respect of the Class Z Notes only, €1.00 and (ii) in respect of each other Class of Notes, €1,000
in excess thereof. Any offer or sale of Rule 144A Notes in reliance on Rule 144A will be made by broker dealers who are registered as such under the Exchange Act. After the Subscribed Notes are released for sale, the offering price and other selling terms may from time to time be varied by the Initial Purchaser.
The Initial Purchaser has acknowledged and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Subscribed Notes that are Regulation S Notes to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person or U.S. Resident as part of their distribution at any time and that it will send to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration to which it sells such Regulation S Notes a confirmation or other notice setting forth the prohibition on offers and sales of such Regulation S Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, any U.S. Person or U.S. Resident.
This Offering Circular has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes and for the listing of the Notes of each Class on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. The Issuer and the Initial Purchaser reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase, in whole or in part, for any reason, or to sell less than the principal amount of Notes which may be offered. This Offering Circular does not constitute an offer to any person within the United States or to any U.S. Person. Distribution of this Offering Circular to any such person, other than in accordance with the procedures described above, is unauthorised and any disclosure of any of its contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited.
General

The Initial Purchaser has also agreed to comply with the following selling restrictions in respect of the Subscribed Notes:
United Kingdom: The Initial Purchaser, which is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority, has represented and agreed that:
(i) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and
(ii) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to the Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and the UK Retail Investors: it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes to any retail investor in the EEA and/or the UK. For the purposes of this provision:
(i) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(A) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); or
(B) a customer within the meaning of the Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(C) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129/EU (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”); and
(ii) the expression “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.
State of Connecticut: The Notes have not been registered under the Connecticut Securities Law. The Notes are subject to restrictions on transferability and sale.
State of Florida: The Notes offered hereby will be sold to, and acquired by, the holder in a transaction exempt under Section 517.061 of the Florida Securities Act. The Notes have not been registered under the Florida Securities Act in the state of Florida. In addition, if sales are made to five or more persons in Florida, all Florida purchasers other than exempt institutions specified in Section 517.061(7) of the Florida Securities Act shall have the privilege of voiding the purchase within three (3) days after the first tender of consideration is made by such purchaser to the Issuer, an agent of the Issuer, or an escrow agent.
State of Georgia: The Notes have been issued or sold in reliance on paragraph (13) of Code Section 10- 5-9 of the Georgia Securities Act of 1973, and will therefore not be sold or transferred except in a transaction which is exempt under such Act or pursuant to an effective registration under such Act.
Australia: Neither this Offering Circular nor any other prospectus or disclosure document (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (the “Corporations Act”)) in relation to the Notes has been or will be lodged with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. The Initial Purchaser has therefore represented and agreed that:
(i) the Notes will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Australia, its territories or possessions, or to any resident of Australia, except by way of an offer or sale not required to be disclosed pursuant to Part 6D.2 or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act; and
(ii) no recommendation to acquire, offer or invitation for issue or sale, offer or invitation to arrange the issue or sale, or issue or sale, has been or will be made to a ‘retail client’ (as defined in Section 761G of the Corporations Act and applicable regulations) in Australia. This document will only be provided to ‘professional investors’ as defined in the Corporations Act.
Austria: No prospectus has been or will be approved and/or published pursuant to the Austrian Capital Markets Act (Kapitalmarktgesetz – KMG) (the “KMG”) as amended. Neither this Offering Circular nor any other document connected therewith constitutes a prospectus according to the KMG and neither this Offering Circular nor any other document connected therewith may be distributed, passed on or disclosed to any other person in Austria, save as specifically agreed with the Initial Purchaser. No document pursuant to Regulation 2017/1129/EU has been or will be drawn up and approved in Austria and no document pursuant to Regulation 2017/1129/EU has been or will be passported into Austria as the Notes will be offered in Austria in reliance an on exemption from the document publication requirement under the KMG. The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that it will offer the Notes in Austria only in compliance with the provisions of the KMG, and the Notes will therefore not be publicly offered or (re)sold in Austria without a document being published or an applicable exemption from such requirement being relied upon.
Bahrain: This Offering Circular has not been approved by the Central Bank of Bahrain which takes no responsibility for its contents. The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that no offer to the public to purchase the Notes will be made in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Offering Circular is intended to be read by the addressee only and will not be passed to, issued to, or shown to the public generally.
Belgium: The offering of the Notes has not been and will not be notified to the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (autoriteit voor financiële diensten en markten/autorité des services et marchés financiers) nor has this Offering Circular been, nor will it be, approved by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority. The Notes may not be distributed in Belgium by way of an offer of the Notes to the public, as defined in Article 3, §1 of the Act of 16 June 2006 relating to public offers of investment instruments, as amended or replaced from time to time and taking into account the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation that are sufficiently clear, precise and unconditional to be capable of vertical direct effect, save in those circumstances (commonly called ‘private placement’) set out in Article 3 §2 of the Act of 16 June 2006 relating to public offers of investment instruments, as amended or replaced from time to time and taking into account the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation that are sufficiently clear, precise and unconditional to be capable of vertical direct effect. This document will be distributed in Belgium only to such investors for their personal use and exclusively for the purposes of this offering of the Notes. The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that it will not:
(i) offer for sale, sell or market the Notes in Belgium otherwise than in conformity with the Act of
16 June 2006 taking into account the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation that are sufficiently clear, precise and unconditional to be capable of vertical direct effect; and
(ii) offer for sale, sell or market the Notes to any person qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Code of Economic Law, as modified, otherwise than in conformity with such code and its implementing regulations.
Cayman Islands: The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that it will not make any invitation to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for the Notes.
Cyprus: This document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to the public in Cyprus or to anyone in Cyprus other than a firm offering investment services, an insurance company or an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities. This document does not constitute an offer or solicitation to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation.
Denmark: The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any of the Notes to the public in Denmark unless in accordance with Chapter 6 or Chapter 12 of the Danish Notes Trading Act (Consolidated Act No. 883 of 9 August 2011, as amended from time to time) and the Danish Executive Order No. 223 of 10 March 2010 or the Danish Executive Order No. 222 of 10 March 2010, as amended from time to time, issued pursuant thereto.
For the purposes of this provision, an offer of the Notes in Denmark means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
France: Neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering material relating to the Notes has been submitted to the clearance procedures of the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”) or to the competent authority of another member state of the European Economic Area and subsequently notified to the AMF.
The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that:
(i) the Notes have not been offered or sold and will not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, to the public in France;
(ii) neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering material relating to the Notes has been or will be:
(A) released, issued, distributed or caused to be released, issued or distributed to the public in France; or
(B) used in connection with any offer for subscription or sale of the Notes to the public in France; and
(iii) such offers, sales and distributions will be made in France only:
(A) to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) and/or to a restricted circle of investors (cercle restreint d’investisseurs), in each case investing for their own account, all as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles l.411-2, D.411-1, D.411-2, D.734-1, D.744-1, D.754-1 and D.764-1 of the French Code Monétaire et Financier (“CMF”);
(B) to investment services providers authorised to engage in portfolio management on behalf of third parties; or
(C) in a transaction that, in accordance with Article l.411-2 of the CMF and Article 211-2 of the Règlement Général of the AMF, does not constitute a public offer.
Germany: The Notes will not be registered for public distribution in Germany. This Offering Circular does not constitute a sales document pursuant to the German Capital Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz). Accordingly, the Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that no offer of the Notes will be made to the public in Germany. This Offering Circular and any other document relating to the Notes, as well as information or statements contained therein, will not be supplied to the public in Germany or used in connection with any offer for subscription of the Notes to the public in Germany or any other means of public marketing.
Hong Kong: The contents of this Offering Circular have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The Initial Purchaser has therefore represented and agreed that:
(i) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes (except for Notes which are a ‘structured products’ as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (cap. 571) of Hong Kong) other than (a) to ‘professional investors’ as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance and any rules made under that ordinance (“professional investors”); or (b) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a ‘prospectus’ as defined in the Companies Ordinance (cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of that ordinance; and
(ii) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the Securities Laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to professional investors.
India: This Offering Circular has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Registrar of Companies in India or with the Securities and Exchange Board of India. This Offering Circular or any other material relating to these Notes is for information purposes only and may not be circulated or distributed, directly or indirectly, to the public or any members of the public in India and in any event to not more than 50 persons in India. Further, persons into whose possession this Offering Circular comes are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. Each prospective investor is advised to consult its advisors about the particular consequences to it of an investment in these Notes. Each prospective investor is also advised that any investment in these Notes by it is subject to the regulations prescribed by the Reserve Bank of India and the Foreign Exchange Management Act and any regulations framed thereunder.
Ireland: The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that:
(i) it has not and will not underwrite the issue of; or place the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) “MiFID Regulations”) including, without limitation Regulation 5 (Requirement for authorisation (and certain provisions concerning MTFs and OTFs)) thereof, and any codes of conduct made under the MiFID Regulations, and the provisions of the Irish Investor Compensation Act 1998 (as amended);
(ii) it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2018 (as amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989 (as amended) or any regulations made pursuant to Part 8 of the Irish Central Bank (Supervision and Enforcement) Act 2013 (as amended);
(iii) it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, or place, or do anything in Ireland with respect to the Notes otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Prospectus Regulation, the European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 and any rules issued by the Central Bank under Section 1363 of the Companies Act 2014 (as amended) (the “CA 2014”); and
(iv) it has not and will not underwrite the issue of, place or otherwise act in Ireland with respect to the Notes, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 (as amended), the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 (as amended) and any rules and guidance issued by the Central Bank under Section 1370 of the CA 2014.
Israel: This Offering Circular has not been approved by the Israeli Securities Authority and will only be distributed to Israeli residents in a manner that will not constitute ‘an offer to the public’ under sections 15 and 15a of the Israel Securities Law, 5728-1968 (the “Securities Law”).
The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that the Notes will be offered to a limited number of investors (35 investors or fewer during any given 12 month period) and/or those categories of investors listed in the First Addendum (the “Addendum”) to the Securities Law (“Sophisticated Investors”), namely joint investment funds or mutual trust funds, provident funds, insurance companies, banking corporations (purchasing the Notes for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), portfolio managers (purchasing the Notes for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), investment advisors or investment marketers (purchasing the Notes for themselves), members of the Tel- Aviv Stock Exchange (purchasing the Notes for themselves or for clients who are Sophisticated Investors), underwriters (purchasing the Notes for themselves), venture capital funds engaging mainly in the capital market, an entity which is wholly-owned by Sophisticated Investors, corporations, other than formed for the specific purpose of an acquisition pursuant to an offer, with a shareholder’s equity in excess of NIS 50 million, and individuals in respect of whom the terms of item 9 in the Schedule to the Investment Advice Law hold true, investing for their own account, each as defined in the said Addendum, as amended from time to time, and who in each case have provided written confirmation that they qualify as Sophisticated Investors, and that they are aware of the consequences of such designation and agree thereto; in all cases under circumstances that will fall within the private placement or other exemptions of the Securities Law and any applicable guidelines, pronouncements or rulings issued from time to time by the Israeli Securities Authority.
Italy: The sale of the Notes has not been cleared by CONSOB (the Italian Securities Exchange Commission) and the Bank of Italy pursuant to Italian Securities Legislation and, accordingly, the Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that no Notes will be offered, sold or delivered, nor will copies of this Offering Circular or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:
(i) to qualified investors (investitori qualificati) as defined under Article 34, paragraph 1, letter b), of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (“Regulation 11971/1999”); or
(ii) in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers of notes to be made to the public pursuant to Article 100 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (“Financial Services Act”) and Article 34, first paragraph, of Regulation 11971/1999.
The Initial Purchaser acknowledges that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes in the Republic of Italy or distribution of copies of this Offering Circular or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) and (ii) above must be:
(iii) made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 of 29 October 2007 and Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended; and
(iv) in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations.
Investors should also note that in accordance with Article 100-BIS of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption under (ii) above applies, any subsequent distribution of the Notes on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the rules on offers of notes to be made to the public provided under the Financial Services Act and the regulation 11971/1999. Failure to comply with such rules may
result, inter alia, in the sale of such Notes being declared null and void and in the liability of the intermediary transferring the Notes for any damages suffered by the investors.
Japan: The Notes have not been and will not be registered pursuant to Article 4, paragraph 1 of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, the Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that none of the Notes nor any interest therein will be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese person or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any Japanese person except under circumstances which will result in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For this purpose, a “Japanese person” means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan.
Jersey: The Notes may not be offered to, sold to or purchased or held by persons (other than financial institutions) resident for income tax purposes in Jersey.
The Notes may only be issued or allotted exclusively to:
(i) a person whose ordinary activities involve him in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of his business or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, arrange or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of his business; or
(ii) a person who has received and acknowledged a warning to the effect that (a) the securities are only suitable for acquisition by a person who (i) has a significantly substantial asset base such as would enable him to sustain any loss that might be incurred as a result of acquiring the securities; and (ii) is sufficiently financially sophisticated to be reasonably expected to know the risks involved in acquiring the securities and (b) neither the issue of the securities nor the activities of any functionary with regard to the issue of the Notes are subject to all the provisions of the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998.
Each person who acquires securities will be deemed, by such acquisition, to have represented that he or it is one of the foregoing persons.
The Grand Duchy of Luxembourg:
The Notes may not be offered to the public in Luxembourg, except that they may be offered in Luxembourg in the following circumstances:
(i) in the period beginning on the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those Notes which have been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the “CSSF”) in Luxembourg or, where appropriate, approved in another relevant European Union Member State and notified to the CSSF, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and ending on the date which is 12 months after the date of such publication;
(ii) at any time to legal entities which are authorised or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorised or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in securities;
(iii) at any time to any legal entity which has two or more of (1) an average of at least 250 employees during the last financial year; (2) a total balance sheet of more than €43,000,000 and (3) an annual net turnover of more than €50,000,000, as shown in its last annual or consolidated accounts; or
(iv) at any time in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuers of a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Securities to the public” in relation to any Notes in Luxembourg means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to
purchase the Notes, as defined in the Law of 10 July 2005 on prospectuses for securities and implementing Regulation 2017/1129/EU on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading (the “Prospectus Regulation”), or any variation thereof or amendment thereto.
Netherlands: The Notes may only be offered, sold or delivered in The Netherlands to qualified investors (as defined in the Dutch Financial Supervision Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht), as amended from time to time) that do not qualify as “public” (within the meaning of the article 4(1) Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) 575/2013) and the rules promulgated thereunder, as amended or any subsequent legislation replacing that regulation).
New Zealand: This offer of Notes does not constitute an ‘offer of securities to the public’ for the purposes of the Securities Act 1978 and, accordingly, there is neither a registered prospectus nor an investment statement available in respect of the offer. The Initial Purchaser has therefore represented and agreed that the Notes will only be offered to persons whose principal business is the investment of money or who, in the course of and for the purposes of their business, habitually invest money in accordance with the Securities Act 1978 and the Securities Regulations 2009.
Norway: The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that with effect from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in Norway (the “Relevant Implementation Date”) it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in Norway except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant Implementation Date, make an offer of the Notes to the public in Norway at any time:
(i) to legal entities which are authorised or regulated to operate in the financial markets or, if not so authorised or regulated, whose corporate purpose is solely to invest in notes;
(ii) to professional investors as defined in Section 1 of Annex II to Directive 2004/29/EC (as implemented in Norway); or
(iii) in any other circumstances which do not require the publication by the Issuer or any other entity of a document pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of the provision above, the expression an ‘offer of notes to the public’ in relation to any Notes in Norway means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, as the same may be varied in Norway by any measure implementing the Prospectus Regulation in Norway and the expression ‘Prospectus Regulation’ means Regulation 2017/1129/EU (as amended) and includes any relevant implementing measure in Norway.
Portugal: The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed with the Issuer that: (i) it has not advertised, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, advertise, offer or sell the Notes in circumstances which could qualify as a public offer of Notes pursuant to the Portuguese Securities Code (Código dos Valores Mobiliários, the “CVM”) which would require the publication by the Issuer of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation or in circumstances which would qualify as an issue or public placement of Notes in the Portuguese market; (ii) it has not distributed or caused to be distributed to the public in the Republic of Portugal this Offering Circular or any other offering material relating to the Notes; (iii) all applicable provisions of the CVM, any applicable Comissão do Mercado de Valores Mobiliários (Portuguese Securities Market Commission, the “CMVM”) Regulations and all applicable provisions of the Regulation 2017/1129/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017/Prospectus Regulation have been complied with regarding the Notes, in any matters involving the Republic of Portugal.
Qatar: The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that the Notes will only be offered to a limited number of investors who are willing and able to conduct an independent investigation of the risks involved in an investment in such Notes.
Saudi Arabia: This Offering Circular may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia except to such persons as are permitted under the Offers of Securities Regulations issued by the Saudi Arabian Capital Market Authority.
Singapore: This Offering Circular has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, the Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that the Notes will not be offered or sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, nor will this Offering Circular or any other offering document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of such Notes be circulated or distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor under Section 274 of the Securities and Futures Act (the “SFA”), (ii) to a relevant person pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any person pursuant to Section 275(1a) of the SFA, and in each case in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.
Where notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 by a relevant person which is:
(i) a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or
(ii) a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,
‘securities’ (as defined in Section 239(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except:
(A) to an institutional investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA or to any person where the transfer arises from an offer referred to in Section 275(1a) or Section 276(4)(i)(b) of the SFA;
(B) where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(C) where the transfer is by operation of law; or
(D) as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA.
South Korea: The Notes have not been registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea for a public offering in Korea. The Initial Purchaser has therefore represented and agreed that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly, or offered, sold or delivered to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Korea or to any resident of Korea, except as otherwise permitted under applicable Korean Laws and regulations, including the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law and the decrees and regulations thereunder.
Spain: Neither the Notes nor this Offering Circular have been approved or registered with the Spanish Notes Markets Commission (Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores). Accordingly, the Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that the Notes will not be offered or sold in Spain except in circumstances which do not constitute a public offering of notes within the meaning of Article 30-BIS of the Spanish Notes Market Law of 28 July 1988 (LEY 24/1988, de 28 de julio, del Mercado de Valores), as amended and restated, and supplemental rules enacted thereunder.
Sweden. The Initial Purchaser has confirmed and agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer for subscription or purchase or issue invitations to subscribe for or buy Notes or distribute any draft or final document in relation to any such offer, invitation or sale except in circumstances that will result in a requirement to prepare a prospectus pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Financial Instruments Trading Act (lag (1991:980) om handel med finansiella instrument) or in a requirement for a key information document pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation.
The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes to the public in Sweden except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in Sweden at any time:
(i) to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;
(ii) to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation); or
(iii) in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (i) to (ii) above shall require the Issuer, the Sole Arranger or the Initial Purchaser to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Notes in Sweden means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes.
Switzerland: The Notes are neither registered with nor supervised by the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (“FINMA”) and are not authorised for public offering and distribution in, into or from Switzerland. Distribution of this Offering Circular and the Notes in and from Switzerland is not permitted and the Notes may be offered in Switzerland exclusively to qualified investors pursuant to Article 10 para 3 lit a. or b. of the Collective Investment Schemes Act, (“CISA”), its Ordinance of application (“CISO”) and FINMA’s Circular 2013/9 on Distribution of Collective Investment Schemes. This Offering Circular may neither be distributed, made available nor disclosed to investors which are not Qualified Investors per Article 10 para 3 lit a or b CISA in Switzerland. “Qualified Investors pursuant to Article 10 para 3 lit. a or b CISA” are defined as being: (i) financial intermediaries subject to supervision such as banks, securities dealers, fund management companies; and (ii) insurance companies subject to supervision.
Taiwan: The Notes may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase by investors residing in Taiwan (either directly or through properly licensed Taiwan intermediaries acting on behalf of such investors) but may not be offered or sold in Taiwan.
Turkey: The offered Notes have not been and will not be registered with the Turkish Capital Market Board (the “CMB”) under the provisions of the Capital Market Law (Law No. 2499). Accordingly neither this Offering Circular nor any other offering material related to the offering may be utilised in connection with any offering to the public within the Republic of Turkey without the prior approval of the CMB. However, according to Article 15(d)(ii) of the Decree No. 32 there is no restriction on the purchase or sale of the offered Notes by residents of the Republic of Turkey, provided that: they purchase or sell such offered Notes in the financial markets outside of the Republic of Turkey; and such sale and purchase is made through banks and/or licensed brokerage institutions in the Republic of Turkey.

United Arab Emirates. The Initial Purchaser has represented and agreed that the Notes have not been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of securities.
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS
Because of the following restrictions, purchasers are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any offer, resale, pledge or transfer of the Notes.
Rule 144A Notes
Each prospective purchaser of Rule 144A Notes, by accepting delivery of this Offering Circular, will be deemed to have represented and agreed that such person acknowledges that this Offering Circular is personal to it and does not constitute an offer to any other person or to the public generally to subscribe for or otherwise acquire Notes other than pursuant to Rule 144A or in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S. Distribution of this Offering Circular, or disclosure of any of its contents to any person other than such offeree and those persons, if any, retained to advise it with respect thereto is unauthorised and any disclosure of any of its contents, without the prior written consent of the Issuer, is prohibited.
Each purchaser of Notes represented by a Rule 144A Global Certificate will be deemed to have represented and agreed and each purchaser of Rule 144A Notes represented by Definitive Certificates will be required to represent and agree, as follows:
1. The purchaser (a) is a QIB, (b) is aware that the sale of such Rule 144A Notes to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A, (c) is acquiring such Notes for its own account or for the account of a QIB as to which the purchaser exercises sole investment discretion, and in the case of each Class of Notes in a principal amount of not less than €250,000 for the purchaser and for each such account, and (d) will provide notice of the transfer restrictions described herein to any subsequent transferees.
2. The purchaser understands that such Rule 144A Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may be reoffered, resold or pledged or otherwise transferred only (a)(i) to a person whom the purchaser reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB as to which the purchaser exercises sole investment discretion in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A or (ii) to a non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction complying with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S and (b) in accordance with all applicable securities laws including the securities laws of any state of the United States. The purchaser understands that the Issuer has not been registered under the Investment Company Act. The purchaser understands that before any interest in a Rule 144A Note may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Regulation S Notes, the Registrar is required to receive a written certification from the purchaser (in the form provided in the Trust Deed) as to compliance with the transfer restrictions described herein. The purchaser understands and agrees that any purported transfer of the Rule 144A Notes to a purchaser that does not comply with the requirements of this paragraph 2 shall be of no force and effect, will be void ab initio and the Issuer will have the right to direct the purchaser to transfer its Rule 144A Notes to a Person who meets the foregoing criteria.
3. The purchaser is not purchasing such Rule 144A Notes with a view toward the resale, distribution or other disposition thereof in violation of the Securities Act. The purchaser understands that an investment in the Rule 144A Notes involves certain risks, including the risk of loss of its entire investment in the Rule 144A Notes under certain circumstances. The purchaser has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Issuer and the Notes as it deemed necessary or appropriate in order to make an informed investment decision with respect to its purchase of the Rule 144A Notes, including an opportunity to ask questions of, and request information from, the Issuer.
4. In connection with the purchase of the Rule 144A Notes: (a) none of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager or the Collateral Administrator is acting as a fiduciary or financial adviser for the purchaser; (b) the purchaser is not relying (for purposes of making any investment decision or otherwise) upon any advice, counsel or representations (whether written or oral) of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager or the Collateral Administrator other than in this Offering Circular for such Notes and any representations expressly set forth in a written agreement with such party; (c) none of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager or the Collateral Administrator has given to the purchaser (directly or indirectly through any other person) any assurance, guarantee or representation whatsoever as to the expected or projected success, profitability,
return, performance, result, effect, consequence or benefit (including legal, regulatory, tax, financial, accounting or otherwise) as to an investment in the Rule 144A Notes; (d) the purchaser has consulted with its own legal, regulatory, tax, business, investment, financial and accounting advisors to the extent it has deemed necessary, and it has made its own investment decisions (including decisions regarding the suitability of any transaction pursuant to the Trust Deed) based upon its own judgment and upon any advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary and not upon any view expressed by the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager or the Collateral Administrator; (e) the purchaser has evaluated the rates, prices or amounts and other terms and conditions of the purchase and sale of the Rule 144A Notes with a full understanding of all of the risks thereof (economic and otherwise), and it is capable of assuming and willing to assume (financially and otherwise) those risks; and (f) the purchaser is a sophisticated investor.
5. The purchaser and each account for which the purchaser is acquiring such Rule 144A Notes is a QP. In the case of each Class of Notes, the purchaser is acquiring the Rule 144A Notes in a principal amount of not less than €250,000. The purchaser and each such account is acquiring the Rule 144A Notes as principal for its own account for investment and not for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. The purchaser and each such account: (a) was not formed for the specific purpose of investing in the Rule 144A Notes (except when each beneficial owner of the purchaser and each such account is a QP);
(b) to the extent the purchaser is a private investment company formed before April 30, 1996, the purchaser has received the necessary consent from its beneficial owners; (c) is not a pension, profit sharing or other retirement trust fund or plan in which the partners, beneficiaries or participants, as applicable, may designate the particular investments to be made; and (d) is not a broker dealer that owns and invests on a discretionary basis less than U.S.$25,000,000 in securities of unaffiliated issuers. Further, the purchaser agrees with respect to itself and each such account: (x) that it shall not hold such Rule 144A Notes for the benefit of any other person and shall be the sole beneficial owner thereof for all purposes; (y) that it shall not sell participation interests in the Rule 144A Notes or enter into any other arrangement pursuant to which any other person shall be entitled to a beneficial interest in the distributions on the Rule 144A Notes; and (z) that the Rule 144A Notes purchased directly or indirectly by it constitute an investment of no more than 40 per cent. of the purchaser’s and each such account’s assets (except when each beneficial owner of the purchaser and each such account is a QP). The purchaser understands and agrees that any purported transfer of the Rule 144A Notes to a purchaser that does not comply with the requirements of this paragraph 5 shall be of no force and effect, will be void ab initio and the Issuer will have the right to direct the purchaser to transfer its Rule 144A Notes to a Person who meets the foregoing criteria.
6. (a) With respect to the purchase, holding and disposition of any Class A Note, Class B Note, Class C Note or Class D Note or any interest in such Note (i) either (A) it is not, and is not acting on behalf of (and for so long as it holds any such Note or interest therein will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of), a Benefit Plan Investor or a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan which is subject to any Other Plan Law, and no part of the assets to be used by it to acquire or hold such Note or any interest therein constitutes the assets of any Benefit Plan Investor or such governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, or (B) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interests therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, or, in the case of a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law, and (ii) it will not sell or transfer such Note (or interests therein) to an acquiror acquiring such Note (or interests therein) unless the acquiror makes the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements described in clause (i) hereof. Any purported transfer of the Notes in violation of the requirements set forth in this paragraph shall be null and void ab initio and the acquiror understands that the Issuer will have the right to cause the sale of such Notes to another acquiror that complies with the requirements of this paragraph in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed.
(b) Each purchaser or transferee of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note in the form of a Rule 144A Global Certificate will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree that it is not, and is not acting on behalf of (and for so long as it holds any such Note or interest therein will not be, and will not be acting on behalf of), a Benefit Plan Investor or Controlling Person (other than on the Issue Date where such purchaser has the prior written
consent of the Issuer and provided an ERISA Certificate to the Issuer). If the purchaser on the Issue Date is or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor, and receives the consent of the Issuer, its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interests therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. A governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan will be deemed to represent that (x) it is not, and for so long as it holds such Note or interest therein will not be, subject to any Similar Law and (y) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law. Each holder of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note will agree or be deemed to agree to certain transfer restrictions regarding its interest in such Note. Any purported purchase or transfer of the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes in violation of the requirements set forth in this paragraph shall be null and void ab initio and the acquiror understands that the Issuer will have the right to cause the sale of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note to another acquiror that complies with the requirements of this paragraph in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed.
(c) An investor that is a Controlling Person, a Benefit Plan Investor or acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor may acquire a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note in the form of a Definitive Certificate (or any interest therein) if such investor: (A) obtains the written consent of the Issuer and (B) provides an ERISA Certificate to the Issuer as to its status as a Benefit Plan Investor or Controlling Person (substantially in the form of Annex C (Form of ERISA Certificate) hereto). Each purchaser or transferee or other holder of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note in the form of a Definitive Certificate or any interest in such Note will be required to: (A) represent and warrant in writing to the Issuer in an ERISA Certificate (1) whether or not, for so long as it holds such Note or interest herein, it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor, (2) whether or not, for so long as it holds such Note or interests therein, it is a Controlling Person and (3) that (x) if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Benefit Plan Investor, its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code and (y) if it is a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, (i) it is not, and for so long as it holds such Note or interest therein will not be, subject to Similar Law and (ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Note (or interest therein) will not constitute or result in a non-exempt violation of any Other Plan Law; and (B) agree to certain transfer restrictions regarding its interest in such Note. Any purported purchase or transfer of the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes in violation of the requirements set forth in this paragraph shall be null and void ab initio and the acquiror understands that the Issuer will have the right to cause the sale of a Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note to another acquiror that complies with the requirements of this paragraph in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed.
(d) Any purchaser or transferee of any Note that is a Benefit Plan Investor will be deemed to understand and agree that (i) none of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee or the Collateral Manager nor any of their affiliates, has provided any investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor (“Plan Fiduciary”), has relied as a primary basis in connection with its decision to invest in the Notes and (ii) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the investment in the Notes.
7. The purchaser understands that pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer has agreed that the Rule 144A Global Certificates or Rule 144A Definitive Certificates, as applicable, offered in reliance on Rule 144A will bear the legend set forth below and, on issue, will be represented by one or more Rule 144A Global Certificates or Rule 144A Definitive Certificates, as applicable. The Rule 144A Notes may not at any time be held by or on behalf of, U.S. Persons that are not QIB/QPs. Before any interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate, the transferor will be required to provide the Transfer Agent with a written certification (in the form provided in the Trust Deed) as to compliance with the transfer restrictions.
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE “INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT”). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE NOTES IN RESPECT OF WHICH THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT THE NOTES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (A)(1) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (2) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (1), IN THE CASE OF EACH CLASS OF NOTES IN A PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN €250,000 FOR THE PURCHASER AND, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (1), FOR EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING, TO A PURCHASER THAT (V) IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER FOR THE PURPOSE OF SECTION 3(c)(7) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT, (W) WAS NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER (EXCEPT WHEN EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE PURCHASER IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER), (X) HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY CONSENT FROM ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS WHEN THE PURCHASER IS A PRIVATE INVESTMENT COMPANY FORMED BEFORE APRIL 30, 1996, (Y) IS NOT A BROKER-DEALER THAT OWNS AND INVESTS ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS AND (Z) IS NOT A PENSION, PROFIT SHARING OR OTHER RETIREMENT TRUST FUND OR PLAN IN WHICH THE PARTNERS, BENEFICIARIES OR PARTICIPANTS, AS APPLICABLE, MAY DESIGNATE THE PARTICULAR INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE, AND IN A TRANSACTION THAT MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT LOSS OF ANY APPLICABLE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT EXEMPTION OR IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (2), IN A PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN €100,000 AND (B) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE IN WHICH AN OFFERING HAS BEEN MADE. ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING SHALL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, THE TRANSFER AGENT OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. IN ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, IN THE EVENT OF A VIOLATION OF (V) THROUGH (Z), THE ISSUER MAINTAINS THE RIGHT TO DIRECT THE RESALE OF ANY NOTES PREVIOUSLY TRANSFERRED TO NON-PERMITTED NOTEHOLDERS (AS DEFINED IN THE TRUST DEED) IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE TRUST DEED. EACH TRANSFEROR OF THIS NOTE WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE TRUST DEED TO ITS TRANSFEREE.
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE OR OF PORTIONS OF THIS NOTE SHOULD BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE TRUST DEED REFERRED TO HEREIN.
PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. ANY PERSON ACQUIRING THIS NOTE MAY ASCERTAIN ITS CURRENT PRINCIPAL AMOUNT BY INQUIRY OF THE COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR.
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS A NOTES, CLASS B NOTES, CLASS C NOTES AND CLASS D NOTES ONLY] [EACH PERSON ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED THAT (I) EITHER (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN WILL NOT BE, AND WILL NOT BE ACTING ON BEHALF OF), AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), APPLIES, OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY
(“BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”), OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“OTHER PLAN LAW”), AND NO PART OF THE ASSETS TO BE USED BY IT TO ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN CONSTITUTES THE ASSETS OF ANY BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR SUCH GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR, IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY OTHER PLAN LAW, AND (II) IT WILL NOT SELL OR TRANSFER THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST HEREIN) TO AN ACQUIROR ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST HEREIN) UNLESS THE ACQUIROR MAKES THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (I) HEREOF. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF THE NOTES IN VIOLATION OF THE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND THE ACQUIROR UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO CAUSE THE SALE OF SUCH NOTES TO ANOTHER ACQUIROR THAT COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE TRUST DEED.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS E NOTES, THE CLASS F NOTES, THE CLASS Z NOTES AND THE SUBORDINATED NOTES IN THE FORM OF RULE 144A GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ONLY] [EACH PURCHASER, TRANSFEREE OR OTHER HOLDER OF THIS NOTE IN THE FORM OF A RULE 144A GLOBAL CERTIFICATE WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN WILL NOT BE AND WILL NOT BE ACTING ON BEHALF OF) A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR CONTROLLING PERSON (OTHER THAN ON THE ISSUE DATE WHERE SUCH PURCHASER HAS THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ISSUER AND PROVIDED AN ERISA CERTIFICATE TO THE ISSUER), AND (2) THAT (A) IF IT IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”) OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”) AND
(B) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, IT WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (I) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IT WILL NOT BE, SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT COULD CAUSE THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ISSUER TO BE TREATED AS ASSETS OF THE INVESTOR IN ANY NOTE (OR INTEREST THEREIN) BY VIRTUE OF ITS INTEREST AND THEREBY SUBJECT THE ISSUER OR THE COLLATERAL MANAGER (OR OTHER PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATION OF THE ISSUER’S ASSETS) TO LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), AND (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“OTHER PLAN LAW”). “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR” MEANS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, AND INCLUDES (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF TITLE I OF ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY. “CONTROLLING PERSON” MEANS A PERSON (OTHER THAN A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR) WHO HAS DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OR ANY PERSON WHO PROVIDES INVESTMENT ADVICE FOR A FEE (DIRECT OR INDIRECT) WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ASSETS, OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY SUCH PERSON. AN “AFFILIATE” OF A PERSON INCLUDES ANY PERSON, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY THROUGH ONE OR MORE
INTERMEDIARIES, CONTROLLING, CONTROLLED BY OR UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH THE PERSON. “CONTROL” WITH RESPECT TO A PERSON OTHER THAN AN INDIVIDUAL MEANS THE POWER TO EXERCISE A CONTROLLING INFLUENCE OVER THE MANAGEMENT OR POLICIES OF SUCH PERSON. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH NOTES IN VIOLATION OF THE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND THE ACQUIRER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO CAUSE THE SALE OF SUCH NOTES TO ANOTHER ACQUIRER THAT COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE TRUST DEED.
NO TRANSFER OF A CLASS E NOTE, CLASS F NOTE, CLASS Z NOTE OR SUBORDINATED NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE PERMITTED, AND THE TRANSFER AGENT WILL NOT RECOGNISE ANY SUCH TRANSFER, IF IT WOULD CAUSE 25 PER CENT. OR MORE OF THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (DETERMINED SEPARATELY BY CLASS) TO BE HELD BY BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS, DISREGARDING CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (OR INTERESTS THEREIN) HELD BY CONTROLLING PERSONS (“25 PER CENT. LIMITATION”).
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT, UNDER THE TRUST DEED, TO COMPEL ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OF A NOTE WHO HAS MADE OR HAS BEEN DEEMED TO MAKE A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION, BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, CONTROLLING PERSON, SIMILAR LAW OR OTHER PLAN LAW REPRESENTATION THAT IS SUBSEQUENTLY SHOWN TO BE FALSE OR MISLEADING OR WHOSE OWNERSHIP OTHERWISE CAUSES A VIOLATION OF THE 25 PER CENT. LIMITATION TO SELL ITS INTEREST IN THE NOTE, OR MAY SELL SUCH INTEREST ON BEHALF OF SUCH OWNER.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS E NOTES, THE CLASS F NOTES, THE CLASS Z NOTES OR THE SUBORDINATED NOTES IN THE FORM OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES ONLY] [EACH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE WILL BE REQUIRED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE IN WRITING TO THE ISSUER (A) WHETHER OR NOT, FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN, IT IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR,
(B) WHETHER OR NOT, FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN, IT IS A CONTROLLING PERSON AND (C) THAT (1) IF IT IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”) OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”) AND
(2) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IT WILL NOT BE, SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT COULD CAUSE THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ISSUER TO BE TREATED AS ASSETS OF THE INVESTOR IN ANY NOTE (OR INTEREST THEREIN) BY VIRTUE OF ITS INTEREST AND THEREBY SUBJECT THE ISSUER OR THE COLLATERAL MANAGER (OR OTHER PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATION OF THE ISSUER’S ASSETS) TO LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), AND (b) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“OTHER PLAN LAW”). EACH PURCHASER OR SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE, AS APPLICABLE, OF CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES IN THE FORM OF A DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATE WILL BE REQUIRED TO COMPLETE AN ERISA CERTIFICATE IDENTIFYING ITS STATUS AS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A CONTROLLING PERSON. “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR” MEANS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, AND INCLUDES (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF TITLE I OF ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY. “CONTROLLING PERSON” MEANS A PERSON (OTHER THAN A
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR) WHO HAS DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OR ANY PERSON WHO PROVIDES INVESTMENT ADVICE FOR A FEE (DIRECT OR INDIRECT) WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ASSETS, OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY SUCH PERSON. AN “AFFILIATE” OF A PERSON INCLUDES ANY PERSON, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY THROUGH ONE OR MORE INTERMEDIARIES, CONTROLLING, CONTROLLED BY OR UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH THE PERSON. “CONTROL” WITH RESPECT TO A PERSON OTHER THAN AN INDIVIDUAL MEANS THE POWER TO EXERCISE A CONTROLLING INFLUENCE OVER THE MANAGEMENT OR POLICIES OF SUCH PERSON. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF THE CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES IN VIOLATION OF THE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND THE ACQUIROR UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO CAUSE THE SALE OF SUCH CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES TO ANOTHER ACQUIROR THAT COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE TRUST DEED.
NO TRANSFER OF A CLASS E NOTE, CLASS F NOTE, CLASS Z NOTE OR SUBORDINATED NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE PERMITTED, AND THE ISSUER WILL NOT RECOGNISE ANY SUCH TRANSFER, IF IT WOULD CAUSE 25 PER CENT. OR MORE OF THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (DETERMINED SEPARATELY BY EACH CLASS) TO BE HELD BY BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS, DISREGARDING CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (OR INTERESTS THEREIN) HELD BY CONTROLLING PERSONS (“25 PER CENT. LIMITATION”).
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT, UNDER THE TRUST DEED, TO COMPEL ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OF A CLASS E NOTE, CLASS F NOTE, CLASS Z NOTE OR SUBORDINATED NOTE WHO HAS MADE OR HAS BEEN DEEMED TO MAKE A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION, BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, CONTROLLING PERSON, OTHER PLAN LAW, SIMILAR LAW OR OTHER ERISA REPRESENTATION THAT IS SUBSEQUENTLY SHOWN TO BE FALSE OR MISLEADING OR WHOSE OWNERSHIP OTHERWISE CAUSES A VIOLATION OF THE 25 PER CENT. LIMITATION TO SELL ITS INTEREST IN THE CLASS E NOTE, CLASS F NOTE, CLASS Z NOTE OR SUBORDINATED NOTE, OR MAY SELL SUCH INTEREST ON BEHALF OF SUCH OWNER.]
ANY PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF ANY NOTE THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR WILL BE DEEMED TO UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE INITIAL PURCHASER, THE SOLE ARRANGER, THE TRUSTEE OR THE COLLATERAL MANAGER NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES, HAS PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR (“PLAN FIDUCIARY”), HAS RELIED AS A PRIMARY BASIS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS DECISION TO INVEST IN THE NOTES; AND (II) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES.
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS C NOTES, CLASS D NOTES, CLASS E NOTES AND CLASS F NOTES ONLY] [THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (“OID”) FOR UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF OID, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY OF THIS NOTE MAY BE OBTAINED BY CONTACTING THE ISSUER AT 3RD FLOOR, KILMORE HOUSE, PARK LANE, SPENCER DOCK, DUBLIN 1, IRELAND.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS Z NOTES AND THE CLASS A NOTES, CLASS B NOTES, CLASS C NOTES AND CLASS D NOTES IN THE FORM OF CM NON-VOTING NOTES AND CM NON-VOTING EXCHANGEABLE NOTES ONLY] [EACH PERSON ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED THAT SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN SHALL NOT CARRY ANY RIGHT TO VOTE IN RESPECT OF, OR BE COUNTED FOR THE PURPOSES OF DETERMINING A QUORUM AND THE RESULT OF VOTING ON A CM REMOVAL RESOLUTION OR A CM REPLACEMENT RESOLUTION.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS A NOTES, CLASS B NOTES, CLASS C NOTES AND CLASS D NOTES IN THE FORM OF CM VOTING NOTES ONLY] [EACH PERSON ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED THAT SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN SHALL CARRY A RIGHT TO VOTE IN RESPECT OF, AND BE COUNTED FOR THE PURPOSES OF DETERMINING A QUORUM AND THE RESULT OF VOTING ON A CM REMOVAL RESOLUTION OR A CM REPLACEMENT RESOLUTION.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO ANY CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES IN THE FORM OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES ONLY] [EACH PERSON ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED THAT THE ISSUER MAY AT ANY TIME (IN CONSULTATION WITH THE COLLATERAL MANAGER), BY NOTICE IN WRITING TO SUCH NOTEHOLDER, REQUIRE SUCH NOTEHOLDER TO ACCEPT INTERESTS IN A GLOBAL CERTIFICATE IN EXCHANGE FOR THEIR DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATE.]
8. The purchaser will not, at any time, offer to buy or offer to sell the Notes by any form of general solicitation or advertising, including, but not limited to, any advertisement, article, notice or other communication published in any newspaper, magazine or similar medium or broadcast over television or radio or seminar or meeting whose attendees have been invited by general solicitations or advertising.
9. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A.
10. The purchaser will treat the Issuer and the Notes as described in the “Tax Considerations – Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations” section of the Offering Circular for all U.S. federal, state and local income tax purposes and will take no action inconsistent with such treatment unless required by law.
11. The purchaser will timely furnish the Issuer or its agents with any tax forms or certifications (such as an applicable IRS Form W-8 (together with appropriate attachments), IRS Form W-9, or any successors to such IRS forms) that the Issuer or its agents reasonably request in order to (A) make payments to the purchaser without, or at a reduced rate of, withholding, (B) qualify for a reduced rate of withholding in any jurisdiction from or through which they receive payments, or (C) satisfy reporting and other obligations under the Code, Treasury regulations, or any other applicable law, and will update or replace such tax forms or certifications as appropriate or in accordance with their terms or subsequent amendments. The purchaser acknowledges that the failure to provide, update or replace any such tax forms or certifications may result in the imposition of withholding or back-up withholding upon payments to such purchaser or to the Issuer. Amounts withheld pursuant to applicable tax laws by the Issuer or its agents will be treated as having been paid to the purchaser by the Issuer.
12. The purchaser will provide the Issuer or its agents with any correct, complete and accurate information and documentation that may be required for the Issuer to comply with FATCA and the CRS and to prevent the imposition of U.S. federal withholding tax under FATCA on payments to or for the benefit of the Issuer. In the event the purchaser fails to provide such information or documentation for the purposes of FATCA, or to the extent that its ownership of Notes would otherwise cause the Issuer to be subject to any tax under FATCA, (A) the Issuer or its agents are authorised to withhold amounts otherwise distributable to the purchaser as compensation for any amounts withheld from payments to or for the benefit of the Issuer as a result of such failure or such ownership, and (B) to the extent necessary to avoid an adverse effect on the Issuer as a result of such failure or such ownership, the Issuer will have the right to compel the purchaser to sell its Notes (other than the Retention Notes) and, if such purchaser does not sell its Notes (other than the Retention Notes) within 10 Business Days after notice from the Issuer or its agents, the Issuer will have the right to sell such Notes at a public or private sale called and conducted in any manner permitted by law, and to remit the net proceeds of such sale (taking into account any taxes incurred by the Issuer in connection with such sale) to such person as payment in full for such Notes. The Issuer may also assign each such Note a separate securities identifier in the Issuer’s sole discretion. Each purchaser agrees that the Issuer, the Trustee or their agents or representatives may
(1) provide any information and documentation concerning its investment in its Notes to the Office of the Revenue Commissioners of Ireland, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and any other relevant tax
authority and (2) take such other steps as they deem necessary or helpful to ensure that the Issuer complies with FATCA and the CRS.
13. Each purchaser of Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes, if it is not a “United States person” (as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code), represents that:
(a) either:
(i) it is not a bank (within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code);
(ii) after giving effect to its purchase of Notes, it will not directly or indirectly own more than 33⅓ per cent., by value, of the aggregate of the Notes within such Class and any other Notes that are ranked pari passu with or are subordinated to such Notes, and will not otherwise be related to the Issuer (within the meaning of Treasury regulations section 1.881-3);
(iii) it has provided an IRS Form W-8ECI representing that all payments received or to be received by it from the Issuer are effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States and includible in its gross income; or
(iv) it is eligible for benefits under an income tax treaty with the United States that eliminates U.S. federal income taxation of U.S. source interest not attributable to a permanent establishment in the United States; and
(b) it has not purchased the Notes in whole or in part to avoid any U.S. federal tax liability (including, without limitation, any U.S. withholding tax that would be imposed on payments on the Collateral Obligations if the Collateral Obligations were held directly by the purchaser).
14. Each purchaser of Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes, if it owns more than 50 per cent. of the Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes by value or if such purchaser, its beneficial owner, or a direct or indirect owner of the foregoing is otherwise treated as a member of the Issuer’s “expanded affiliated group” (as defined in Treasury regulations section 1.1471-5(i) (or any successor provision)), represents that it will
(A) confirm that any member of such expanded affiliated group (assuming that the Issuer and any Issuer Subsidiary are “registered deemed-compliant FFIs” within the meaning of Treasury regulations section 1.1471-1(b)(111) (or any successor provision)) that is treated as a “foreign financial institution” within the meaning of Section 1471(d)(4) of the Code and any Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder is either a “participating FFI”, a “deemed-compliant FFI” or an “exempt beneficial owner” within the meaning of Treasury regulations section 1.1471-4(e) (or any successor provision), and (B) promptly notify the Issuer in the event that any member of such expanded affiliated group that is treated as a “foreign financial institution” within the meaning of Section 1471(d)(4) of the Code and any Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder is not either a “participating FFI”, a “deemed-compliant FFI” or an “exempt beneficial owner” within the meaning of Treasury regulations section 1.1471-4(e) (or any successor provision), in each case except to the extent that the Issuer or its agents have provided the purchaser with an express waiver of this requirement.
15. No purchaser of Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes will treat any income with respect to its Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes as derived in connection with the Issuer’s active conduct of a banking, financing, insurance, or other similar business for purposes of Section 954(h)(2) of the Code.
16. The purchaser acknowledges that the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser, the Sole Arranger, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager and the Collateral Administrator and their Affiliates, and others, will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements.
Regulation S Notes
Each purchaser of Regulation S Notes will be deemed to have made the representations set forth in clauses (3), (4), (6), (8), (10) through (16) (inclusive) above (except that references to Rule 144A Notes shall be deemed to be references to Regulation S Notes and references to Rule 144A shall be deemed to be references to Regulation S) and to have further represented and agreed as follows:
1. The purchaser is not a U.S. Person and is purchasing the Notes or any interest or participation therein in an “offshore transaction”, as such term is defined in, and in accordance with, Regulation S under the Securities Act.
2. The purchaser understands that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and that the Issuer has not registered and will not register under the Investment Company Act. It agrees, for the benefit of the Issuer, the Initial Purchaser and any of their Affiliates, that, if it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Note (or any beneficial interest or participation therein) purchased by it, any offer, sale or transfer of such Note (or any beneficial interest or participation therein) will be made in compliance with the Securities Act and only (i) to a person (A) it reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or for the account of a QIB, in the case of each Class of Notes in a nominal amount of not less than €250,000 for it and each such account, in a transaction that meets the requirements of Rule 144A and takes delivery in the form of a Rule 144A Note and (B) that constitutes a QP; or (ii) to a non-U.S. Person in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 (as applicable) of Regulation S.
3. The purchaser understands that, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with applicable law, such Notes will bear a legend set forth below.
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND THE ISSUER HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE “INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT”). THE HOLDER HEREOF, BY PURCHASING THE NOTES IN RESPECT OF WHICH THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED, AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT THE NOTES MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED, ONLY (A)(1) TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (2) TO A NON-U.S. PERSON IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION COMPLYING WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (1), IN THE CASE OF EACH CLASS OF NOTES, IN A PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN €250,000 FOR THE PURCHASER AND, IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (1), FOR EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS ACTING, TO A PURCHASER THAT (V) IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER FOR THE PURPOSE OF SECTION 3(c)(7) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT, (W) WAS NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER (EXCEPT WHEN EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE PURCHASER IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER), (X) HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY CONSENT FROM ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS WHEN THE PURCHASER IS A PRIVATE INVESTMENT COMPANY FORMED BEFORE APRIL 30, 1996, (Y) IS NOT A BROKER-DEALER THAT OWNS AND INVESTS ON A DISCRETIONARY BASIS LESS THAN U.S.$25,000,000 IN SECURITIES OF UNAFFILIATED ISSUERS AND (Z) IS NOT A PENSION, PROFIT SHARING OR OTHER RETIREMENT TRUST FUND OR PLAN IN WHICH THE PARTNERS, BENEFICIARIES OR PARTICIPANTS, AS APPLICABLE, MAY DESIGNATE THE PARTICULAR INVESTMENTS TO BE MADE, AND IN A TRANSACTION THAT MAY BE EFFECTED WITHOUT LOSS OF ANY APPLICABLE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT EXEMPTION OR IN THE CASE OF CLAUSE (2), IN A PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF NOT LESS THAN €100,000 AND (B) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE IN WHICH AN OFFERING HAS BEEN MADE. ANY TRANSFER IN VIOLATION OF THE FOREGOING SHALL BE OF NO FORCE AND EFFECT, WILL BE VOID AB INITIO AND WILL NOT OPERATE TO TRANSFER ANY RIGHTS TO THE TRANSFEREE, NOTWITHSTANDING ANY INSTRUCTIONS TO THE CONTRARY TO THE ISSUER, THE TRANSFER AGENT OR ANY INTERMEDIARY. IN ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, IN THE EVENT OF A VIOLATION OF (V) THROUGH (Z), THE ISSUER MAINTAINS THE RIGHT TO DIRECT THE RESALE OF ANY NOTES PREVIOUSLY TRANSFERRED TO NON-PERMITTED NOTEHOLDERS (AS DEFINED IN THE TRUST DEED) IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE TRUST DEED. EACH TRANSFEROR OF THIS NOTE WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN AND IN THE TRUST DEED TO ITS TRANSFEREE.
TRANSFERS OF THIS NOTE OR OF PORTIONS OF THIS NOTE SHOULD BE LIMITED TO TRANSFERS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN THE TRUST DEED REFERRED TO HEREIN.
PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE IS PAYABLE AS SET FORTH HEREIN. ACCORDINGLY, THE OUTSTANDING PRINCIPAL OF THIS NOTE AT ANY TIME MAY BE LESS THAN THE AMOUNT SHOWN ON THE FACE HEREOF. ANY PERSON ACQUIRING THIS NOTE MAY ASCERTAIN ITS CURRENT PRINCIPAL AMOUNT BY INQUIRY OF THE COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR.
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS A NOTES, CLASS B NOTES, CLASS C NOTES AND CLASS D NOTES ONLY] [EACH PERSON ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED THAT (I) EITHER (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN WILL NOT BE, AND WILL NOT BE ACTING ON BEHALF OF), AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE UNITED STATES EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”), THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS OF PART 4 OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE I OF ERISA, A PLAN TO WHICH SECTION 4975 OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”), APPLIES, OR AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS BY REASON OF SUCH AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (“BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR”), OR A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN WHICH IS SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“OTHER PLAN LAW”), AND NO PART OF THE ASSETS TO BE USED BY IT TO ACQUIRE OR HOLD THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN CONSTITUTES THE ASSETS OF ANY BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR SUCH GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR, IN THE CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY OTHER PLAN LAW, AND (II) IT WILL NOT SELL OR TRANSFER THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST HEREIN) TO AN ACQUIROR ACQUIRING THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST HEREIN) UNLESS THE ACQUIROR MAKES THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS DESCRIBED IN CLAUSE (I) HEREOF. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF THE NOTES IN VIOLATION OF THE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND THE ACQUIROR UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO CAUSE THE SALE OF SUCH NOTES TO ANOTHER ACQUIROR THAT COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE TRUST DEED.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS E NOTES, THE CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES AND SUBORDINATED NOTES IN THE FORM OF REGULATION S GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ONLY] [EACH PURCHASER, TRANSFEREE OR OTHER HOLDER OF THIS NOTE IN THE FORM OF A REGULATION S GLOBAL CERTIFICATE WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN WILL NOT BE, AND WILL NOT BE ACTING ON BEHALF OF) A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR CONTROLLING PERSON (OTHER THAN ON THE ISSUE DATE WHERE SUCH PURCHASER HAS THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE ISSUER AND PROVIDED AN ERISA CERTIFICATE TO THE ISSUER), AND (2) THAT (A) IF IT IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”) OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”) AND
(B) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, IT WILL BE DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (I) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IT WILL NOT BE, SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT COULD CAUSE THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ISSUER TO BE TREATED AS ASSETS OF THE INVESTOR IN ANY NOTE (OR INTEREST THEREIN) BY VIRTUE OF ITS INTEREST AND THEREBY SUBJECT THE ISSUER OR THE
COLLATERAL MANAGER (OR OTHER PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATION OF THE ISSUER’S ASSETS) TO LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), AND (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY APPLICABLE STATE, LOCAL, OTHER FEDERAL OR NON-U.S. LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“OTHER PLAN LAW”). “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR” MEANS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, AND INCLUDES (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF TITLE I OF ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY. “CONTROLLING PERSON” MEANS A PERSON (OTHER THAN A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR) WHO HAS DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OR ANY PERSON WHO PROVIDES INVESTMENT ADVICE FOR A FEE (DIRECT OR INDIRECT) WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ASSETS, OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY SUCH PERSON. AN “AFFILIATE” OF A PERSON INCLUDES ANY PERSON, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY THROUGH ONE OR MORE INTERMEDIARIES, CONTROLLING, CONTROLLED BY OR UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH THE PERSON. “CONTROL” WITH RESPECT TO A PERSON OTHER THAN AN INDIVIDUAL MEANS THE POWER TO EXERCISE A CONTROLLING INFLUENCE OVER THE MANAGEMENT OR POLICIES OF SUCH PERSON. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF SUCH NOTES IN VIOLATION OF THE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND THE ACQUIRER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO CAUSE THE SALE OF SUCH NOTES TO ANOTHER ACQUIRER THAT COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE TRUST DEED.
NO TRANSFER OF A CLASS E NOTE, CLASS F NOTE, CLASS Z NOTE OR SUBORDINATED NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE PERMITTED, AND THE TRANSFER AGENT WILL NOT RECOGNISE ANY SUCH TRANSFER, IF IT WOULD CAUSE 25 PER CENT. OR MORE OF THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (DETERMINED SEPARATELY BY CLASS) TO BE HELD BY BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS, DISREGARDING CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (OR INTERESTS THEREIN) HELD BY CONTROLLING PERSONS (“25 PER CENT. LIMITATION”).
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT, UNDER THE TRUST DEED, TO COMPEL ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OF A NOTE WHO HAS MADE OR HAS BEEN DEEMED TO MAKE A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION, BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, CONTROLLING PERSON, SIMILAR LAW OR OTHER PLAN LAW REPRESENTATION THAT IS SUBSEQUENTLY SHOWN TO BE FALSE OR MISLEADING OR WHOSE OWNERSHIP OTHERWISE CAUSES A VIOLATION OF THE 25 PER CENT. LIMITATION TO SELL ITS INTEREST IN THE NOTE, OR MAY SELL SUCH INTEREST ON BEHALF OF SUCH OWNER.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS E NOTES, THE CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES AND THE SUBORDINATED NOTES IN THE FORM OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES ONLY] [EACH PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE WILL BE REQUIRED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE IN WRITING TO THE ISSUER (A) WHETHER OR NOT, FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN, IT IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR,
(B) WHETHER OR NOT, FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN, IT IS A CONTROLLING PERSON AND (C) THAT (1) IF IT IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF THE EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED (“ERISA”) OR SECTION 4975 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE “CODE”) AND (2) IF IT IS A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH, NON-U.S. OR OTHER PLAN, (a) IT IS NOT, AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE OR AN INTEREST HEREIN IT WILL NOT BE, SUBJECT TO ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT COULD CAUSE THE UNDERLYING ASSETS OF THE ISSUER TO BE TREATED AS ASSETS OF THE INVESTOR
IN ANY NOTE (OR INTEREST THEREIN) BY VIRTUE OF ITS INTEREST AND THEREBY SUBJECT THE ISSUER OR THE COLLATERAL MANAGER (OR OTHER PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INVESTMENT AND OPERATION OF THE ISSUER’S ASSETS) TO LAWS OR REGULATIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“SIMILAR LAW”), AND (b) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF ANY FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S. LAW OR REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (“OTHER PLAN LAW”). EACH PURCHASER OR SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE, AS APPLICABLE, OF CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES IN THE FORM OF A DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATE WILL BE REQUIRED TO COMPLETE AN ERISA CERTIFICATE IDENTIFYING ITS STATUS AS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A CONTROLLING PERSON. “BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR” MEANS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, AND INCLUDES (A) AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF TITLE I OF ERISA) THAT IS SUBJECT TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF ERISA, (B) A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR (C) ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE “PLAN ASSETS” BY REASON OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN’S OR PLAN’S INVESTMENT IN THE ENTITY. “CONTROLLING PERSON” MEANS A PERSON (OTHER THAN A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR) WHO HAS DISCRETIONARY AUTHORITY OR CONTROL WITH RESPECT TO THE ASSETS OF THE ISSUER OR ANY PERSON WHO PROVIDES INVESTMENT ADVICE FOR A FEE (DIRECT OR INDIRECT) WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ASSETS, OR ANY AFFILIATE OF ANY SUCH PERSON. AN “AFFILIATE” OF A PERSON INCLUDES ANY PERSON, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY THROUGH ONE OR MORE INTERMEDIARIES, CONTROLLING, CONTROLLED BY OR UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH THE PERSON. “CONTROL” WITH RESPECT TO A PERSON OTHER THAN AN INDIVIDUAL MEANS THE POWER TO EXERCISE A CONTROLLING INFLUENCE OVER THE MANAGEMENT OR POLICIES OF SUCH PERSON. ANY PURPORTED TRANSFER OF THE CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES IN VIOLATION OF THE REQUIREMENTS SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND THE ACQUIROR UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO CAUSE THE SALE OF SUCH CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES TO ANOTHER ACQUIROR THAT COMPLIES WITH THE REQUIREMENTS OF THIS PARAGRAPH IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE TRUST DEED.
NO TRANSFER OF A CLASS E NOTE, CLASS F NOTE, CLASS Z NOTE OR SUBORDINATED NOTE OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN WILL BE PERMITTED, AND THE ISSUER WILL NOT RECOGNISE ANY SUCH TRANSFER, IF IT WOULD CAUSE 25 PER CENT. OR MORE OF THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (DETERMINED SEPARATELY BY EACH CLASS) TO BE HELD BY BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS, DISREGARDING CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES (OR INTERESTS THEREIN) HELD BY CONTROLLING PERSONS (“25 PER CENT. LIMITATION”).
THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT, UNDER THE TRUST DEED, TO COMPEL ANY BENEFICIAL OWNER OF A CLASS E NOTE, CLASS F NOTE, CLASS Z NOTE OR SUBORDINATED NOTE WHO HAS MADE OR HAS BEEN DEEMED TO MAKE A PROHIBITED TRANSACTION, BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, CONTROLLING PERSON, OTHER PLAN LAW OR SIMILAR LAW REPRESENTATION THAT IS SUBSEQUENTLY SHOWN TO BE FALSE OR MISLEADING OR WHOSE OWNERSHIP OTHERWISE CAUSES A VIOLATION OF THE 25 PER CENT. LIMITATION TO SELL ITS INTEREST IN THE CLASS E NOTE, CLASS F NOTE, CLASS Z NOTE OR SUBORDINATED NOTE, OR MAY SELL SUCH INTEREST ON BEHALF OF SUCH OWNER.]
ANY PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF ANY NOTE THAT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR WILL BE DEEMED TO UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT (I) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE INITIAL PURCHASER, THE SOLE ARRANGER, THE TRUSTEE OR THE COLLATERAL MANAGER NOR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES, HAS PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR (“PLAN FIDUCIARY”), HAS RELIED AS A PRIMARY BASIS IN CONNECTION WITH ITS DECISION TO INVEST IN THE NOTES AND (II) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS
EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES.
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS C NOTES, CLASS D NOTES, CLASS E NOTES AND CLASS F NOTES ONLY] [THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT (“OID”) FOR UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES. THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF OID, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY OF THIS NOTE MAY BE OBTAINED BY CONTACTING THE ISSUER AT 3RD FLOOR, KILMORE HOUSE, PARK LANE, SPENCER DOCK, DUBLIN 1, IRELAND.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS Z NOTES AND THE CLASS A NOTES, CLASS B NOTES, CLASS C NOTES AND CLASS D NOTES IN THE FORM OF CM NON-VOTING NOTES AND CM NON-VOTING EXCHANGEABLE NOTES ONLY] [EACH PERSON ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED THAT SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN SHALL NOT CARRY ANY RIGHT TO VOTE IN RESPECT OF, OR BE COUNTED FOR THE PURPOSES OF DETERMINING A QUORUM AND THE RESULT OF VOTING ON A CM REMOVAL RESOLUTION OR A CM REPLACEMENT RESOLUTION.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO THE CLASS A NOTES, CLASS B NOTES, CLASS C NOTES AND CLASS D NOTES IN THE FORM OF CM VOTING NOTES ONLY] [EACH PERSON ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED THAT SUCH NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN SHALL CARRY A RIGHT TO VOTE IN RESPECT OF, AND BE COUNTED FOR THE PURPOSES OF DETERMINING A QUORUM AND THE RESULT OF VOTING ON A CM REMOVAL RESOLUTION OR A CM REPLACEMENT RESOLUTION.]
[LEGEND TO BE INCLUDED IN RELATION TO ANY CLASS E NOTES, CLASS F NOTES, CLASS Z NOTES OR SUBORDINATED NOTES IN THE FORM OF DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATES ONLY] [EACH PERSON ACQUIRING OR HOLDING THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED THAT THE ISSUER MAY AT ANY TIME (IN CONSULTATION WITH THE COLLATERAL MANAGER), BY NOTICE IN WRITING TO SUCH NOTEHOLDER, REQUIRE SUCH NOTEHOLDER TO ACCEPT INTERESTS IN A GLOBAL CERTIFICATE IN EXCHANGE FOR THEIR DEFINITIVE CERTIFICATE.]
4. The purchaser understands that the Regulation S Notes may not, at any time, be held by, or on behalf of, “U.S. Persons”, as such term is defined, in Regulation S under the Securities Act.
5. A transferor who transfers an interest in a Regulation S Note to a transferee who will hold the interest in the same form is not required to make any additional representation or certification.
GENERAL INFORMATION

Clearing Systems
The Notes of each Class have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Common Code and ISIN for the Notes of each Class are:
Regulation S NotesRule 144A Notes



ISIN


Common Code


ISIN


Common Code

Class A CM Voting Notes

XS2244910183


224491018


XS2244910423


224491042

Class A CM Non-Voting

XS2244910266


224491026


XS2244910696


224491069

Exchangeable Notes








Class A CM Non-Voting

XS2244910340


224491034


XS2244910779


224491077

Notes








Class B-1 CM Voting Notes

XS2244910852


224491085


XS2244911157


224491115

Class B-1 CM Non-Voting

XS2244910936


224491093


XS2244911231


224491123

Exchangeable Notes








Class B-1 CM Non-Voting

XS2244911074


224491107


XS2244911314


224491131

Notes








Class B-2 CM Voting Notes

XS2244911587


224491158


XS2244912049


224491204

Class B-2 CM Non-Voting

XS2244911405


224491140


XS2244911744


224491174

Exchangeable Notes








Class B-2 CM Non-Voting

XS2244911660


224491166


XS2244911827


224491182

Notes








Class C CM Voting Notes

XS2244912478


224491247


XS2244912718


224491271

Class C CM Non-Voting

XS2244912122


224491212


XS2244912551


224491255

Exchangeable Notes








Class C CM Non-Voting

XS2244912395


224491239


XS2244912635


224491263

Notes








Class D CM Voting Notes

XS2244913013


224491301


XS2244913369


224491336

Class D CM Non-Voting

XS2244912809


224491280


XS2244913104


224491310

Exchangeable Notes








Class D CM Non-Voting

XS2244912981


224491298


XS2244913286


224491328

Notes








Class E Notes

XS2244913799


224491379


XS2244913443


224491344

Class F Notes

XS2244913526


224491352


XS2244914094


224491409

Class Z Notes

XS2250002636


225000263


XS2250002982


225000298

Subordinated Notes

XS2244913872


224491387


XS2244913955


224491395




Legal Entity Identification
The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identification is 6354009MYVCVIBG64Q24.
Listing
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Notes to be admitted to the Official List and trading on its Global Exchange Market which is the exchange regulated market of Euronext Dublin. The Global Exchange Market is not a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU. There can be no assurance that such listing will be maintained.
Consents and Authorisations
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. The issue of the Notes was authorised by resolutions of the board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 4 December 2020.
No Significant or Material Change
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or prospects of the Issuer since its incorporation on 13 February 2019 and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since its incorporation on 13 February 2019.
No Litigation
The Issuer is not involved, and has not been involved, in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or have had since the date of its incorporation a significant effect on the Issuer’s financial position or profitability.
Accounts
Since the date of its incorporation, other than entering into the Warehouse Arrangements and acquiring certain Collateral Obligations pursuant to it, the Issuer has not commenced operations and has not produced accounts.
So long as any Note remains outstanding, copies of the most recent annual audited financial statements of the Issuer can be obtained at the specified offices of the Issuer during normal business hours. The first financial statements of the Issuer will be in respect of the period from incorporation to 31 December 2019. The annual accounts of the Issuer will be audited. The Issuer will not prepare interim financial statements.
The Trust Deed requires the Issuer to provide written confirmation to the Trustee on an annual basis and otherwise promptly on request that no Note Event of Default or Potential Note Event of Default (as defined in the Trust Deed) or other matter which is required to be brought to the Trustee’s attention has occurred.
Listing Agent
A&L Listing Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin. Euronext Dublin has approved this Offering Circular as listing particulars.
Documents Available
Copies of the following documents may be inspected in electronic format (and, in the case of each Monthly Report and each Payment Date Report, will be available for collection free of charge) at the registered offices of the Issuer during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for the term of the Notes:
the constitution of the Issuer; each Monthly Report;
each Payment Date Report;
the Corporate Services Agreement;
the Trust Deed (which includes the form of each Note of each Class); the Agency Agreement;
the Collateral Management and Administration Agreement; the Retention Undertaking Letter;
each Hedge Agreement;
each deed of charge relating to each Hedge Agreement;
this Offering Circular; and
the Conditional Sale Agreement.
Drafts of the documents set out in paragraphs (e) to (l) (inclusive) in substantially agreed form as required to be published pursuant to the Securitisation Regulation shall be available on the Reporting Website as maintained by the Collateral Administrator prior to the pricing date for the transaction described herein (and copies of the final form of such documents (which may be subject to change since the date of pricing in the case of the documents in draft form) shall be available on such website no later than five Business Days following the Issue Date) to any Relevant Recipient.
Post Issuance Reporting
The Issuer will provide post-issuance transaction information in relation to the issue of the Notes.
Enforceability of Judgments
The Issuer is a designated activity company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Ireland. None of the Directors are residents of the United States, and all or a substantial portion of the assets of the Issuer and such persons are located outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon the Issuer or such persons or to enforce against any of them in the United States courts judgments obtained in United States courts, including judgments predicated upon civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any State or territory within the United States.
Foreign Language
The language of the Offering Circular is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in order that the correct meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS


$
$ iv
€
€ , 138
2
2017 MiFID Regulations 25
25 per cent. Limitation382, 401, 402, 407, 408
A
Acceleration Notice110, 237
Account Bank109
Accounts 110
Accrual Period110
Actions 337
Addendum 391
Adjusted Collateral Principal Amount110
Adjusted Weighted Average Moody’s
Rating Factor311
Administrative Expenses111
Affected Class(es)247
Affected Collateral206
Affected Japanese Investors34
Affiliate 113, 400, 407
Affiliated. 113
Affiliated Group306
Agency Agreement109
Agent 113
Agents 113
Aggregate Coupon323
Aggregate Excess Funded Spread322
Aggregate Funded Spread113, 321
Aggregate Industry Equivalent Unit Score306
Aggregate Principal Balance113
Aggregate Unfunded Spread322
AIFM 36
AIFMD 36, 113
AIFs 36
Alternative Base Rate252
AMF 389
AML Requirements44
Annual Obligation300
Anti-Dilution Percentage257
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive46
Anti-Tax Avoidance Directive 246
Applicable Exchange Rate114
Applicable Margin114, 215
Appointee 114
Assigned Moody’s Rating330
‎
Assignment 114, 297
Assignments 83
Authorised Denomination114
Authorised Integral Amount114
Authorised Officer114
Average Life328
Average Principal Balance306
B
Balance 114
Bankruptcy Exchange114
Bankruptcy Exchange Test115
Barclays Parties104
Base Rate Amendment372
Basel III 27
Basel IV 27
BCBS 27
Benchmarks Regulation42
Beneficial Owner266
Benefit Plan Investor.115, 382, 400, 406, 407
Benefit Plan Investors432
BEPS 45
Best Execution103
Bivariate Risk Table115, 297
Break-Even Default Rate325
Bridge Loan300
BRRD 50
Business Day115, 174
C
CA 2014390
Calculation Agent109
CAM Exchanged EUR Obligation286
CAM Exchanged Obligation286
Cause 338
CCC/Caa Excess116
CEA , 38
CEO 273
Certificate 432
CFTC , 37
Class 119
Class A CM Non-Voting Exchangeable
Notes 116
Class A CM Non-Voting Notes116
Class A CM Voting Notes116
Class A Margin215
Class A Noteholders116
Class A Notes, 109
Class A Rate of Interest214
Class A/B Coverage Tests116
Class A/B Interest Coverage Ratio116
Class A/B Interest Coverage Test116
Class A/B Par Value Ratio116
Class A/B Par Value Test116
Class B CM Non-Voting Exchangeable
Notes 117
Class B CM Non-Voting Notes117
Class B CM Voting Notes117
Class B Noteholders117
Class B Notes, 109
Class B-1 Margin215
Class B-1 Notes, 109
Class B-1 Rate of Interest214
Class B-2 Fixed Rate of Interest117, 216
Class B-2 Notes, 109
Class C CM Non-Voting Exchangeable
Notes 117
Class C CM Non-Voting Notes117
Class C CM Voting Notes117
Class C Coverage Tests117
Class C Interest Coverage Ratio117
Class C Interest Coverage Test117
Class C Margin215
Class C Noteholders117
Class C Notes, 109
Class C Par Value Ratio117
Class C Par Value Test117
Class C Rate of Interest214
Class D CM Non-Voting Exchangeable
Notes 117
Class D CM Non-Voting Notes117
Class D CM Voting Notes117
Class D Coverage Tests118
Class D Interest Coverage Ratio118
Class D Interest Coverage Test118
Class D Margin215
Class D Noteholders118
Class D Notes, 109
Class D Par Value Ratio118
Class D Par Value Test118
Class D Rate of Interest214
Class E Margin215
Class E Noteholders118
Class E Notes, 109
Class E Par Value Ratio118
Class E Par Value Test118
Class E Rate of Interest214
Class F Margin215
Class F Noteholders118
Class F Notes, 109
Class F Par Value Ratio118
Class F Par Value Test119
Class F Rate of Interest214
Class of Noteholders119
Class of Notes119
Class Z Noteholder Amount119
Class Z Noteholders119
Class Z Notes, 109
clearing obligation35
Clearing System Business Day119
Clearing Systems119, 265
Clearstream, Luxembourg, 15, 119
CLO 21, 32
CLO Vehicles96
CM Non-Voting Exchangeable Notes119
CM Non-Voting Notes120
CM Removal Resolution120
CM Replacement Resolution120
CM Voting Notes120
CMB 395
CMF 389
CMVM 393
Code 68, 120, 367, 399, 400, 401, 406, 407, 432
Collateral 120
Collateral Acquisition Agreements120
Collateral Administrator109
Collateral Administrator Informationiii
Collateral Enhancement Obligation120
Collateral Enhancement Obligation
Proceeds 120
Collateral Management and
Administration Agreement109
Collateral Management Fee120
Collateral Manager, 109
Collateral Manager Advance86, 120, 204
Collateral Manager Breach337
Collateral Manager Breaches337
Collateral Manager Informationiii
Collateral Manager Insolvency Event339
Collateral Manager Related Person120
Collateral Manager Tax Event340
Collateral Obligation121
Collateral Obligation Stated Maturity121
Collateral Principal Amount121
Collateral Quality Tests122
Collateral Tax Event122
COMI 51
Commission 25
Commitment Amount122
Companies Act270
Competent Authority122
Conditional Sale Agreement122
Conditions 109
Control 401, 407
Controlling Class122
Controlling Person 123, 382, 400, 407
Corporate Rescue Loan124
Corporate Services Agreement109, 270
Corporate Services Provider109, 270
Corporations Act388
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral124
Counterparty Downgrade Collateral
Account 124
Court 106
Coverage Test124
COVID-19 22
Cov-Lite Loan124
CPO , 38
CRA Regulationiv
CRA3 45, 125
CRA3 RTS 45
Credit Estimate Obligation300
Credit Improved Obligation125
Credit Improved Obligation Criteria.125
Credit Risk Obligation126
Credit Risk Obligation Criteria126
CRR 28
CRR Amendment Regulation28
CRS 49, 126, 380
CRS Compliance126
CRS Compliance Costs126
CSDR 51
CSSF 392
CTA , 38, 45
Currency Account126
Currency Hedge Agreement127
Currency Hedge Counterparty127
Currency Hedge Counterparty Principal
Exchange Amount127
Currency Hedge Counterparty
Termination Payment127
Currency Hedge Issuer Principal
Exchange Amount127
Currency Hedge Issuer Termination
Payment 127
Currency Hedge Obligation127
Currency Hedge Termination Receipt127
Currency Hedge Transaction128
Currency Hedge Transaction Exchange
Rate 128
Current Pay Obligation128
Current Portfolio325
Custodian 109
Custody Account 128
CVM 393
D
DAC II49, 380
Debtor 124
Default Differential325
Defaulted Currency Hedge Termination
Payment 128
Defaulted Deferring Mezzanine
Obligation 128
Defaulted FX Forward Termination
Payment 129
Defaulted Interest Rate Hedge
Termination Payment129
Defaulted Mezzanine Excess Amounts129
Defaulted Obligation129
Defaulted Obligation Excess Amounts130
Defaulting Hedge Counterparty130
Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amount131
Deferred Class Z Noteholder Amounts181
Deferred Interest131, 213
Deferred Senior Collateral Management
Amounts 131, 178
Deferring Security131
Definitive Certificate131
Definitive Certificates16
Definitive Exchange Date263
Delayed Drawdown Collateral Obligation131
Designated Excess Par131, 223
Determination Date131
Direct Participants265
Directors 131
Discount Obligation131
Discount Obligation Value132
Discount-Adjusted Spread322
Discretionary Sale284
Distressed Exchange Obligation(s)132
Distribution 133
Distribution Amount186
distributor x
District Court32
Diversity Score306
Dodd-Frank Act37, 133
DOJ 105
Domicile 133
Domiciled 133
DPA 106
DTC 64
Due Period133
Due Period Start Date134
E
EBA 134
EBITDA 134
EEA x
Effective Date9, 134
Effective Date Determination
Requirements 134
Effective Date Moody’s Condition134
Effective Date Non-Model CDO Monitor Test 134
Effective Date Rating Event135
Effective Date Report135, 277
EFSF 23
EFSM 23
Electronic Resolution135
Eligibility Criteria135, 279
Eligible Bond Index136
Eligible Investment Minimum Rating136
Eligible Investments136
Eligible Loan Index137
Eligible Successor340
EMIR 34, 137
Enforcement Actions238
Enforcement Notice239
Enforcement Threshold239
Enforcement Threshold Determination239
equitable subordination93
Equivalent Unit Score306
ERISA 68, 137, 399, 400, 401, 406, 407, 432
ERISA Plans382
ESM 23
ESMA , 25, 36, 138
EU Retention Requirements138
EU Transparency Requirements30, 138
EUR iv
EURIBOR 42, 138, 214
EURIBOR Disruption252
EURIBOR Floor Adjustment322
EURIBOR Replacement Modification251
euro , 138
Euro , 138
Euro Notional Amount351
Euro zone138
Euroclear. , 15, 138
Euronext Dublin, 138
Euros 138
Excess CCC/Caa Adjustment Amount138
Excess Distribution374
Excess Par Amount138
Exchange Act138
Exchanged Global Certificate263
Exchanged Obligation138
Exchanged Security138
excluded loan 80
Exiting State(s), 138
Expense Reserve Account139
Expenses 337
Extended Loss Mitigation Loan139
Extraordinary Resolution139
F
FATCA 139
FATCA Compliance139
FATCA Compliance Costs139
FCPA 106
FCs 34
Fee Basis Amount139
Final Distribution Date139
Final Report 45
Financial Services Act391
First Lien Last Out Loan139
First Period Reserve Account139
FIs 49, 380
Fitch 26
Fixed Rate Collateral Obligation139
Fixed Rate Notes139
flip clauses 40
Floating Rate Collateral Obligation139
Floating Rate Notes139
Form Approved Hedge349
Frequency Switch Event139
Frequency Switch Liquidity Condition140
Frequency Switch Measurement Date140
FSMA387
FTT 44, 140
Funded Amount140
FX Forward Agreement140
FX Forward Counterparty141
FX Forward Counterparty Principal
Exchange Amount141
FX Forward Issuer Principal Exchange Amount 141
FX Forward Issuer Termination Payment141
FX Forward Termination Receipt141
FX Forward Transaction141, 352
G
Geographic Zone306
Geographically Based Industry Classification 306
Global Certificate141
Global Certificatesviii
Global Exchange Market, 141
G-SIBs 28
H
Hedge Agreement141
Hedge Agreements141
Hedge Counterparties141
Hedge Counterparty141
Hedge Counterparty Tax Credit Payments141
Hedge Counterparty Termination Payment141
Hedge Issuer Tax Credit Payments141
Hedge Issuer Termination Payment142
Hedge Replacement Payment142
Hedge Replacement Receipt142
Hedge Termination Account142
Hedge Transaction142
Hedge Transactions142
Hedging Condition350
High Yield Bond142
I
ICA , 39
IGA 366
Incentive Collateral Management Fee142
Incentive Collateral Management Fee IRR Threshold 142
Incurrence Covenant142
Indemnifying Party337
independent 150
Independent Director142
Indirect Participants265
Industry Diversity Score307
Ineligible Collateral Obligations294
Information 328
Information Agent109, 267
Initial Investment Period9, 143
Initial Purchaser, 109, 143, 386
Initial Rating143
Initial Ratings143
Inside Information30
Insolvency Law236
Insolvency Regulations209
Institutional Investors28
Interest Account143
Interest Amount143, 216
Interest Coverage Amount143
Interest Coverage Ratio144
Interest Coverage Test 145
Interest Determination Date145
Interest Priority of Payments145
Interest Proceeds145
Interest Rate Hedge Agreement145
Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty145
Interest Rate Hedge Issuer Termination
Payment 145
Interest Rate Hedge Transaction145
Interest Smoothing89
Interest Smoothing Account145
Interest Smoothing Amount145
Interest Smoothing Coverage Amount146
Interest Smoothing Coverage Ratio148
Intermediary Obligation148
Investment Company Act, 148, 399, 405
Investor Reports30, 148
IRB Approach28
Irish Examinership Court 107
Irish Regulations 366
Irish STS Regulations 148
IRR 148
IRS 148
ISDA 349
Issue Date, 148
Issue Date Class F Par Value Ratio148
Issue Date Collateral Obligation149
Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio Obligation . 149, 294 Issuer, 109, 432
Issuer Indemnified Persons337
Issuer Profit Account149
Issuer Profit Amount149
Issuer Subsidiary149
Issuer Subsidiary Assets149, 283
Issuer UK Tax Representative Liability337
J
JFSA 34
JFSA Securitization Regulation34
K
KMG 388
‎L
LCR. 27
LEIs 361
lender liability92
Lending Activities98
Letter of Credit281
Letter of Credit Reserve Account283
Liabilities 337
LIBOR 41
Loan Reports30, 149
LOB 45
Long-Dated Restructured Obligation282
Loss Mitigation Loan149
Loss Mitigation Loan Target Par Balance Condition 149
LSTA Decision32
M
Maintenance Covenant149
Mandate 33
Mandatory Redemption149
margin requirement35
Margin Stock.295
Market Value149
Maturity Amendment150
Maturity Date150
Maximum Weighted Average Life328
Measurement Date150
Member States21
Mezzanine Obligation150
MiFID II, 25, 151
MiFID Regulations390
Minimum Denomination151
Minimum Risk Retention Requirement32
Minimum Weighted Average Spread320
Monthly Report151, 355
Moody’s , 151, 329
Moody’s Average Life Adjustment Amount 312
Moody’s Caa Obligations151
Moody’s CFR330
Moody’s Collateral Value151
Moody’s Default Probability Rating330
Moody’s Derived Rating331
Moody’s Excess Par312
Moody’s Maximum Weighted Average
Rating Factor Test308
Moody’s Methodology Update Effective
Date 312
Moody’s Minimum Diversity Test306
Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average
Recovery Rate Test316
Moody’s Minimum Weighted Average
Spread Test320
Moody’s Par WARF Modifier312
Moody’s Rating151, 332
Moody’s Rating Factor308
Moody’s Recovery Rate152, 316
Moody’s Secured Senior Loan317
Moody’s Test Matrix152, 302
Moody’s Weighted Average Rating Factor308
Moody’s Weighted Average Rating Factor Adjustment 317
Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery Adjustment 308
Moody’s Weighted Average Recovery
Rate 316
Moody’s Weighted Average Spread Adjustment 308
Multilateral Instrument45
N
New Risk Retention Rule33, 152
NFA 39
NFCs 35
Non-Call Period6, 152
Non-Eligible Issue Date Collateral
Obligation 152, 284
Non-Emerging Market Country152
Non-Euro Notional Amount351
Non-Euro Obligation152
Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder175
Non-Permitted Noteholder69, 174
Non-U.S. Holder367
Note Event of Default152, 235
Note Payment Sequence152
Note Tax Event153
Noteholders 153
Notes , 109
Notice of Default236
NSFR 27
O
Obligor 153
OECD 45
Offer 153
offer of Securities to the public392
Offering ix
Offering Circular1
Offices 105
Official Listi
OID 370, 402, 409
Optional Redemption153
Ordinary Resolution153
Original Obligation170
Original Redemption Date227
Originated Asset345
Originated Assets153, 346
Originator Requirement154
OTC 34
Other Funds96
Other Plan Law154, 384, 400, 401, 406, 407, 408
Outstanding154
OZ Africa106
P
Panel 32
Par Value Ratio154
Par Value Test154
parallel security331
Partial Redemption Date154
Partial Redemption Interest Proceeds154
Partial Redemption Priority of Payments154
Participants 265
Participating Member States44
Participation 154
Participation Agreement154
Participations 83
Parties in Interest382
Payment Account155
Payment Date155
Payment Date Report155, 358
Permitted Assignee342
Permitted Use155, 199
Person 155
PIK Obligation155
Plan Asset Regulation155, 382, 432
Plan Assets400, 407
Plan Fiduciary385, 398, 402, 408
Plans 68, 382
Portfolio 155
Portfolio Profile Tests155
Post-Acceleration Priority of Payments155, 240
Post-Issue Date Ineligible Portfolio
Obligations 155, 294
PPT 45
PRA 50
Pre-Exchanged Obligation286
Presentation Date155
PRIIPs Regulationx
Principal Account156
Principal Amount Outstanding156
Principal Balance156
Principal Hedged Obligation157
Principal Paying Agent109
Principal Priority of Payments158
Principal Proceeds158
Priorities of Payment158
Proceedings 259
Proceeds on Maturity350
Proceeds on Sale351
professional investors390
Project Finance Loan281
Proposed Portfolio325
Prospectus Regulation, 387, 393
PTCE 383
Purchased Accrued Interest158, 294
Purchased Discount Obligation158
Q
QEF 373
QIB 159
QIB/QP 159
QIBs viii
QP 159
QPs viii
Qualified Purchaser159
Qualifying Company363
Qualifying Currency159
Qualifying Unhedged Obligation
Currency 159
R
Rate of Interest159, 214
Rated Notes , 109, 159
Rating Agencies159
Rating Agency159
Rating Agency Confirmation159
Rating Confirmation Plan160
Rating Event160
Rating Requirement160
Recast EU Insolvency Regulation51
Received Obligation160
Receiver 160, 237
Reclassification Date295
Reclassification Price160, 295
Record Date160
Recovery Rate Case324
Redemption Date160
Redemption Determination Date160, 226
Redemption Notice160
Redemption Price161
Redemption Threshold Amount161
Reference Banks161, 214
Reference Weighted Average Fixed Coupon 323
Refinancing 161, 219
Refinancing Costs161
Refinancing Obligation161, 219
Refinancing Proceeds161
Register 161
Registrar 109
Regulated Banking Activities49
Regulation 11971/1999391
Regulation S, viii, 161
Regulation S Definitive Certificateviii
Regulation S Definitive Certificatesviii
Regulation S Global Certificateviii
Regulation S Global Certificatesviii
Regulation S Notes, 161
Regulations 49, 381
Regulatory Assignment342
Regulatory Refinancing161, 224
Regulatory Refinancing Date161, 224
Regulatory Refinancing Obligation161
Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds161
Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds Priority
of Payment162
Regulatory Refinancing Proceeds Priority
of Payments185
Regulatory Refinancing Redemption Price162
Reinvesting Noteholder162
Reinvestment Amount162
Reinvestment Criteria162, 287
Reinvestment Overcollateralisation Test162
Reinvestment Period162
Reinvestment Target Par Balance162
Related Term Loan132
Relevant Implementation Date.393
relevant institutions 50
Relevant Recipient163
Relevant Territory363
Replacement Currency Hedge Agreement163
Replacement FX Forward Agreement163
Replacement Hedge Agreement163
Replacement Hedge Agreements163
Replacement Hedge Transaction163
Replacement Interest Rate Hedge
Agreement 163
Replacement Rating Agency159
Report 164
Reporting Agreement164, 354
reporting entity 31
reporting obligation35
Reporting Website164
Required Diversion Amount13, 180, 293
Resolution 164
Resolution Authorities50
Restricted Trading Period164
Restructured Obligation164
Restructured Obligation Criteria165, 282
Restructuring Date165
Retention Financing Arrangements98
Retention Holder, 165
Retention Note Purchase Agreement165
Retention Notes165, 344
Retention Undertaking Letter165
Revolving Obligation165
risk mitigation obligations35
Rule 144A , viii, 165
Rule 144A Definitive Certificateviii
Rule 144A Definitive Certificatesviii
Rule 144A Global Certificateviii
Rule 144A Global Certificatesviii
Rule 144A Notes, 165
Rule 17g-5165
Rule 17G-5267
Rule 17G-5 Website267
RWAs 28
S
S&P , 165
S&P CDO Formula Election Date326
S&P CDO Formula Election Period326
S&P CDO Model Election Date326
S&P CDO Model Election Period326
S&P CDO Monitor325
S&P CDO Monitor Adjusted BDR165, 326
S&P CDO Monitor BDR165, 326
S&P CDO Monitor SDR165, 326
S&P CDO Monitor Test165, 325
S&P CLO Specified Assets326
S&P Collateral Value165
S&P Cov-Lite Loan424
S&P Default Rate Dispersion326
S&P Global Ratings Factor326
S&P Industry Diversity Measure327
S&P Issuer Credit Rating330
S&P Matrix324
S&P Matrix Spread324
S&P Obligor Diversity Measure327
S&P Rating166, 328
S&P Recovery Rate166, 327
S&P Recovery Rating424
S&P Regional Diversity Measure327
S&P Weighted Average Life327
S&P Weighted Average Rating Factor327
S&P Weighted Average Recovery Rate327
S&P Weighted Average Spread326
Sale Proceeds 166
Scenario Default Rate325
Scheduled Payment Date 155
Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge
Counterparty Payment166
Scheduled Periodic Currency Hedge
Issuer Payment166
Scheduled Periodic Hedge Counterparty
Payment 166
Scheduled Periodic Hedge Issuer Payment.166
Scheduled Periodic Interest Rate Hedge Counterparty Payment167
Scheduled Periodic Interest Rate Hedge
Issuer Payment167
Scheduled Principal Proceeds 167
SCM 103
Sculptor Capital272
Seasoning Period346
SEC 37, 68
Second Lien Loan167
Secured Obligations167
Secured Parties167
Secured Party167
Secured Senior Bond167
Secured Senior Loan167
Secured Senior Obligation168
Securities Act, 168, 399, 405
Securities Law391
Securitisation Regulation28, 168
Selling Institution83, 168
Semi-Annual Obligation168
Senior Expenses Cap168
Senior Loan82
Senior Management Fee168, 334
Senior Obligation169
Senior Secured Debt Instrument422
SFA 394
Share Trustee270
Shares 270
shortfall 208
Significant Events30
Similar Law169, 384, 400, 401, 407, 408
Sole Arranger169
Sophisticated Investors391
Special Redemption169, 230
Special Redemption Amount169, 230
Special Redemption Date169, 230
Specified Percentage 169
Specified Person363
Spot Rate169
SRB 51
SRM Regulation51
SRRs 50
SSPE 30
SSPE Exemption36
SSPEs 28
Standard of Care169, 186, 334
Stay Regulations50
Step-Down Coupon Security282
Step-Up Coupon Security169
Structured Finance Security282
Subordinated Noteholders169
Subordinated Notes, 109, 169
Subordinated Notes Initial Offer Price
Percentage 169
Subordinated Notes Regulatory
Refinancing Redemption Price169
Subordinated Obligation169
Subscribed Notes, 386
Subscription Agreement109
Substitute Collateral Obligation170
Supplemental Reserve Account170
Supplemental Reserve Amount170
Swap Curve Rate170
Swapped Non-Discount Obligation170
Synthetic Security282
T
Target Par Amount170
TARGET2 171
Tax Event352
Tax Guidelines368
TCA 280, 362
Termination Payment353
Third Party Exposure297
Third Party Indemnity Receipts171, 202
TIN 379
Trading Gains171
Trading Plan294
Trading Plan Period294
Transaction Documents171
Transfer Agent109
Transition Period24
Transparency RTS30
Trust Collateral206
Trust Deed, 109
Trustee , 109
Trustee Fees and Expenses171
U
U.S. Dollariv
U.S. Holder367
U.S. Person69, 172
U.S. Personsii
U.S. Residentsviii
U.S. Retention Regulations33, 172
U.S. Risk Retention Rules32, 172
UK-Ireland Treaty94
Underlying Instrument171
Unfunded Amount171
Unfunded Revolver Reserve Account171
Unhedged Collateral Obligation171
Unsaleable Assets291
Unscheduled Payment Date171, 204
Unscheduled Principal Proceeds171
Unsecured Senior Bond172
Unsecured Senior Loan172
Unsecured Senior Obligation172
Unused Proceeds Account172
US dollariv
US Dollariv
USD iv
V
VAT 172
VAT Committee48
VAT Directive48
Volcker Changes39
Volcker Rule, 39
W
Warehouse Arrangements73, 173
Warehouse Assets73
Warehouse Providers73
Warehouse Termination Agreement173
Weighted Average Coupon Adjustment
Percentage 323
Weighted Average Fixed Coupon323
Weighted Average Life328
Weighted Average Life Test173, 328
Weighted Average Spread173, 320
Written Resolution173
Z
Zero Coupon Security173, 282
ANNEX A
S&P RECOVERY RATES
(i)If a Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan has an S&P Recovery Rating, or is pari passu with another obligation of the same Obligor that has an S&P Recovery Rating and is secured by the same collateral as such other obligation, the S&P Recovery Rate for such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan shall be determined as follows:
S&P Recovery Rate

S&P Recovery
‎Initial Rated Note Rating
Rating of Collateral


Range from published


Obligation


reports*


“AAA”


“AA”


“A”


“BBB”


“BB”


“B”


“CCC”

1+


100


75.0%


85.0%


88.0%


90.0%


92.0%


95.0%


95.0%

1


95


70.0%


80.0%


84.0%


87.5%


91.0%


95.0%


95.0%

1


90


65.0%


75.0%


80.0%


85.0%


90.0%


95.0%


95.0%

2


85


62.5%


72.5%


77.5%


83.0%


88.0%


92.0%


92.0%

2


80


60.0%


70.0%


75.0%


81.0%


86.0%


89.0%


89.0%

2


75


55.0%


65.0%


70.5%


77.0%


82.5%


84.0%


84.0%

2


70


50.0%


60.0%


66.0%


73.0%


79.0%


79.0%


79.0%

3


65


45.0%


55.0%


61.0%


68.0%


73.0%


74.0%


74.0%

3


60


40.0%


50.0%


56.0%


63.0%


67.0%


69.0%


69.0%

3


55


35.0%


45.0%


51.0%


58.0%


63.0%


64.0%


64.0%

3


50


30.0%


40.0%


46.0%


53.0%


59.0%


59.0%


59.0%

4


45


28.5%


37.5%


44.0%


49.5%


53.5%


54.0%


54.0%

4


40


27.0%


35.0%


42.0%


46.0%


48.0%


49.0%


49.0%

4


35


23.5%


30.5%


37.5%


42.5%


43.5%


44.0%


44.0%

4


30


20.0%


26.0%


33.0%


39.0%


39.0%


39.0%


39.0%

5


25


17.5%


23.0%


28.5%


32.5%


33.5%


34.0%


34.0%

5


20


15.0%


20.0%


24.0%


26.0%


28.0%


29.0%


29.0%

5


15


10.0%


15.0%


19.5%


22.5%


23.5%


24.0%


24.0%

5


10


5.0%


10.0%


15.0%


19.0%


19.0%


19.0%


19.0%

6


5


3.5%


7.0%


10.5%


13.5%


14.0%


14.0%


14.0%

6


0


2.0%


4.0%


6.0%


8.0%


9.0%


9.0%


9.0%




*If a recovery range is not available for a given obligation with an S&P Recovery Rating of “1” through “6” (inclusive), the lower recovery range for the applicable S&P Recovery Rating shall apply.

(ii) If (x) a Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan does not have an S&P Recovery Rating and such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan is an Unsecured Senior Loan and (y) the Obligor or issuer of such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan has issued another debt instrument that is outstanding and senior to such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan that is a Secured Senior Loan or Secured Senior Bond (a “Senior Secured Debt Instrument”) that has an S&P Recovery Rating, the S&P Recovery Rate for such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan shall be determined as follows:
S&P Recovery Rates for Obligors Domiciled in Group A

S&P Recovery Rating of the
‎
Initial Liability Rating
Senior Secured Debt 
Instrument


“AAA”


“AA”


“A”


“BBB”


“BB”


“B/CCC”

1+


18%


20%


23%


26%


29%


31%

1


18%


20%


23%


26%


29%


31%

2


18%


20%


23%


26%


29%


31%

3


12%


15%


18%


21%


22%


23%

4


5%


8%


11%


13%


14%


15%

5


2%


4%


6%


8%


9%


10%

6


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%



S&P Recovery Rate for Obligors Domiciled in Group B


S&P Recovery Rating of the
‎
Initial Liability Rating
Senior Secured Debt


“AAA”


“AA”


“A”


“BBB”


“BB”


“B/CCC”

Instrument













1+


13%


16%


18%


21%


23%


25%

1


13%


16%


18%


21%


23%


25%

2


13%


16%


18%


21%


23%


25%

3


8%


11%


13%


15%


16%


17%

4


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%

5


2%


2%


2%


2%


2%


2%

6


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%




S&P Recovery Rate for Obligor Domiciled in Group C


S&P Recovery Rating of
‎
Initial Rated Note Rating
the Senior Secured Debt


“AAA”


“AA”


“A”


“BBB”


“BB”


“B/CCC”

Instrument













1+


10%


12%


14%


16%


18%


20%

1


10%


12%


14%


16%


18%


20%

2


10%


12%


14%


16%


18%


20%

3


5%


7%


9%


10%


11%


12%

4


2%


2%


2%


2%


2%


2%

5


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%

6


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%




(iii) If (x) a Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan does not have an S&P Recovery Rating and such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan is not a Senior Secured Debt Instrument or an Unsecured Senior Loan and (y) the Obligor or issuer of such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan has issued another debt instrument that is outstanding and senior to such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan that is a Senior Secured Debt Instrument that has an S&P Recovery Rating, the S&P Recovery Rate for such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan shall be determined as follows:
S&P Recovery Rates for Obligors Domiciled in Groups A and B

S&P Recovery Rating of the Senior Secured Debt
‎
Initial Rated Note Rating
Instrument


“AAA”


“AA”


“A”


“BBB”


“BB”


“B/CCC”

1+


8%


8%


8%


8%


8%


8%

1


8%


8%


8%


8%


8%


8%

2


8%


8%


8%


8%


8%


8%

3


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%

4


2%


2%


2%


2%


2%


2%

5


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%

6


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%



S&P Recovery Rates for Obligors Domiciled in Group C

S&P Recovery Rating of the Senior Secured Debt
‎
Initial Rated Note Rating
Instrument


“AAA”


“AA”


“A”


“BBB”


“BB”


“B/CCC”

1+


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%

1


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%

2


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%


5%

3


2%


2%


2%


2%


2%


2%

4


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%

5


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%

6


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%


0%






If an S&P Recovery Rate cannot be determined using clause (a) above, the S&P Recovery Rate shall be determined as follows:
S&P Recovery rates for Obligors Domiciled in Group A, B or C:

Priority
Category Initial Liability Rating

“AAA” “AA” “A” “BBB” “BB” “B/CCC”

Secured Senior Loans (excluding S&P Cov-Lite Loans)
A

50%

55%

59%

63%

75%

79%

B

39%

42%

46%

49%

60%

63%

C

17%

19%

27%

29%

31%

34%

Secured Senior Loans that are S&P Cov-Lite Loans and Secured Senior Bonds

A

41%

46%.

49%

53%

63%

67%

B

32%

35%

39%

41%

50%

53%

C

17%

19%

27%

29%

31%

34%

Unsecured Senior Loans, Mezzanine Obligations, High Yield Bonds (if unsubordinated) and Second Lien Loans

A

18%

20%

23%

26%

29%

31%

B

13%

16%

18%

21%

23%

25%

C

10%

12%

14%

16%

18%

20%



High Yield Bonds (if subordinated) or PIK Securities that are not (i) Secured Senior Loans, (ii) S&P Cov-Lite Loans that are Secured Senior Loans, (iii) Secured Senior Bonds, (iv) Unsecured Senior Obligations, (v) High Yield Bonds (if unsubordinated), or (vi) Second Lien Loans
A

8%

8%

8

8%

8%

8%

B

8%

8%

8%

8%

8%

8%

C

5%

5%

5%

5%

5%

5%




The country group of an Obligor’s domicile for purposes of the S&P Recovery Rate are determined according to Annex B (S&P CDO Evaluator Country Codes, Regions and Recovery Groups) to this Offering Circular.
For the purposes of the above,
“S&P Recovery Rating” means, in respect to a Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan for which an S&P Recovery Rate is being determined, the “Recovery Rating” assigned by S&P to such Collateral Obligation or Loss Mitigation Loan based upon the tables set forth in this Annex A (S&P Recovery Rates).
“S&P Cov-Lite Loan” means a Collateral Obligation that is an interest in a loan, the Underlying Instruments for which do not (i) contain any financial covenants or (ii) require the Obligor thereunder to comply with any maintenance covenant (regardless of whether compliance with one or more incurrence covenants is otherwise required by such Underlying Instruments).
ANNEX B
S&P CDO EVALUATOR COUNTRY CODES, REGIONS AND RECOVERY GROUPS
Country Name


Country Code


Region


Recovery Group

Afghanistan


93


5 - Asia: India, Pakistan and Afghanistan


C

Albania


355


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Algeria


213


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

Andorra


376


102 - Europe: Western


C

Angola


244


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Anguilla


1264


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Antigua


1268


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Argentina


54


4 - Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone


C

Armenia


374


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Aruba


297


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Ascension


247


12 - Africa: Southern


C

Australia


61


105 - Asia-Pacific: Australia and New Zealand


A

Austria


43


102 - Europe: Western


A

Azerbaijan


994


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Bahamas


1242


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Bahrain


973


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

Bangladesh


880


6 - Asia: Other South


C

Barbados


246


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Belarus


375


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Belgium


32


102 - Europe: Western


A

Belize


501


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Benin


229


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Bermuda


441


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Bhutan


975


6 - Asia: Other South


C

Bolivia


591


3 - Americas: Andean


C

Bosnia and Herzegovina


387


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Botswana


267


12 - Africa: Southern


C

Brazil


55


4 - Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone


B

British Virgin Islands


284


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Brunei


673


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Bulgaria


359


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Burkina Faso


226


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Burundi


257


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Cambodia


855


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Cameroon


237


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Canada


2


101 - Americas: U.S. and Canada


A

Cape Verde Islands


238


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Cayman Islands


345


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C



Country Name


Country Code


Region


Recovery Group

Central African Republic


236


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Chad


235


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Chile


56


4 - Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone


C

China


86


7 - Asia: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan


C

Colombia


57


3 - Americas: Andean


C

Comoros


269


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Congo-Brazzaville


242


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Congo-Kinshasa


243


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Cook Islands


682


105 - Asia-Pacific: Australia and New Zealand


C

Costa Rica


506


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Cote d’Ivoire


225


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Croatia


385


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Cuba


53


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Curacao


599


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Cyprus


357


102 - Europe: Western


C

Czech Republic


420


15 - Europe: Central


C

Denmark


45


102 - Europe: Western


A

Djibouti


253


17 - Africa: Eastern


C

Dominica


767


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Dominican Republic


809


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

East Timor


670


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Ecuador


593


3 - Americas: Andean


C

Egypt


20


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

El Salvador


503


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Equatorial Guinea


240


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Eritrea


291


17 - Africa: Eastern


C

Estonia


372


15 - Europe: Central


C

Ethiopia


251


17 - Africa: Eastern


C

Fiji


679


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Finland


358


102 - Europe: Western


A

France


33


102 - Europe: Western


A

French Guiana


594


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

French Polynesia


689


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Gabonese Republic


241


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Gambia


220


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Georgia


995


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Germany


49


102 - Europe: Western


A

Ghana


233


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Greece


30


102 - Europe: Western


C



Country Name


Country Code


Region


Recovery Group

Grenada


473


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Guadeloupe


590


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Guatemala


502


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Guinea


224


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Guinea-Bissau


245


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Guyana


592


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Haiti


509


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Honduras


504


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Hong Kong


852


7 - Asia: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan


A

Hungary


36


15 - Europe: Central


C

Iceland


354


102 - Europe: Western


C

India


91


5 - Asia: India, Pakistan and Afghanistan


C

Indonesia


62


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Iran


98


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

Iraq


964


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

Ireland


353


102 - Europe: Western


A

Isle of Man


101


102 - Europe: Western


C

Israel


972


11 - Middle East: MENA


A

Italy


39


102 - Europe: Western


B

Jamaica


876


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Japan


81


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


A

Jordan


962


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

Kazakhstan


8


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Kenya


254


17 - Africa: Eastern


C

Kiribati


686


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Kosovo


383


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Kuwait


965


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

Kyrgyzstan


996


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Laos


856


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Latvia


371


15 - Europe: Central


C

Lebanon


961


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

Lesotho


266


12 - Africa: Southern


C

Liberia


231


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Libya


218


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

Liechtenstein


102


102 - Europe: Western


C

Lithuania


370


15 - Europe: Central


C

Luxembourg


352


102 - Europe: Western


A

Macedonia


389


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Madagascar


261


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C



Country Name


Country Code


Region


Recovery Group

Malawi


265


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Malaysia


60


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Maldives


960


6 - Asia: Other South


C

Mali


223


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Malta


356


102 - Europe: Western


C

Martinique


596


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Mauritania


222


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Mauritius


230


12 - Africa: Southern


C

Mexico


52


1 - Americas: Mexico


B

Micronesia


691


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Moldova


373


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Monaco


377


102 - Europe: Western


C

Mongolia


976


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Montenegro


382


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Montserrat


664


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Morocco


212


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

Mozambique


258


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Myanmar


95


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Namibia


264


12 - Africa: Southern


C

Nauru


674


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Nepal


977


6 - Asia: Other South


C

Netherlands


31


102 - Europe: Western


A

New Caledonia


687


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

New Zealand


64


105 - Asia-Pacific: Australia and New Zealand


C

Nicaragua


505


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Niger


227


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Nigeria


234


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

North Korea


850


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Norway


47


102 - Europe: Western


A

Oman


968


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

Pakistan


92


5 - Asia: India, Pakistan and Afghanistan


C

Palau


680


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Palestinian Settlements


970


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

Panama


507


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Papua New Guinea


675


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Paraguay


595


4 - Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone


C

Peru


51


3 - Americas: Andean


C

Philippines


63


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Poland


48


15 - Europe: Central


B



Country Name


Country Code


Region


Recovery Group

Portugal


351


102 - Europe: Western


A

Qatar


974


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

Romania


40


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Russia


7


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Rwanda


250


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Samoa


685


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Sao Tome & Principe


239


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Saudi Arabia


966


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

Senegal


221


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Serbia


381


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Seychelles


248


12 - Africa: Southern


C

Sierra Leone


232


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Singapore


65


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


A

Slovak Republic


421


15 - Europe: Central


C

Slovenia


386


102 - Europe: Western


C

Solomon Islands


677


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Somalia


252


17 - Africa: Eastern


C

South Africa


27


12 - Africa: Southern


B

South Korea


82


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Spain


34


102 - Europe: Western


A

Sri Lanka


94


6 - Asia: Other South


C

St. Helena


290


12 - Africa: Southern


C

St. Kitts/Nevis


869


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

St. Lucia


758


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

St. Vincent & Grenadines


784


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Sudan


249


17 - Africa: Eastern


C

Suriname


597


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Swaziland


268


12 - Africa: Southern


C

Sweden


46


102 - Europe: Western


A

Switzerland


41


102 - Europe: Western


A

Syrian Arab Republic


963


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

Taiwan


886


7 - Asia: China, Hong Kong, Taiwan


C

Tajikistan


992


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Tanzania/Zanzibar


255


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Thailand


66


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Togo


228


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Tonga


676


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Trinidad & Tobago


868


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Tunisia


216


11 - Middle East: MENA


C



Country Name


Country Code


Region


Recovery Group

Turkey


90


16 - Europe: Eastern


C

Turkmenistan


993


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Turks & Caicos


649


2 - Americas: Other Central and Caribbean


C

Tuvalu


688


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Uganda


256


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Ukraine


380


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

United Arab Emirates


971


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

United Kingdom


44


102 - Europe: Western


A

Uruguay


598


4 - Americas: Mercosur and Southern Cone


C

USA


1


101 - Americas: U.S. and Canada


A

Uzbekistan


998


14 - Europe: Russia & CIS


C

Vanuatu


678


9 - Asia-Pacific: Islands


C

Venezuela


58


3 - Americas: Andean


C

Vietnam


84


8 - Asia: Southeast, Korea and Japan


C

Western Sahara


1212


11 - Middle East: MENA


C

Yemen


967


10 - Middle East: Gulf States


C

Zambia


260


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Zimbabwe


263


13 - Africa: Sub-Saharan


C

Reserved Country 1


1001





Reserved Country 2


1002





Reserved Country 3


1003





Reserved Country 4


1004





Reserved Country 5


1005





Reserved Country 6


1006





Reserved Country 7


1007





Reserved Country 8


1008





Reserved Country 9


1009





Reserved Country 10


1010





Reserved Country 11


1011





Reserved Country 12


1012





Reserved Country 13


1013





Reserved Country 14


1014





Reserved Country 15


1015





Reserved Country 16


1016





Reserved Country 17


1017





Reserved Country 18


1018





Reserved Country 19


1019





Reserved Country 20


1020





Reserved Country 21


1021







Country Name


Country Code


Region


Recovery Group

Reserved Country 22


1022





Reserved Country 23


1023





Reserved Country 24


1024





Reserved Country 25


1025







ANNEX C
FORM OF ERISA CERTIFICATE
The purpose of this ERISA certificate (this “Certificate”) is, among other things, to (i) endeavour to ensure that less than 25 per cent. of the total value of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes (determined separately by each class) issued by Sculptor European CLO VII DAC (the “Issuer”) is held by (a) an employee benefit plan that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), (b) a plan that is subject to Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) or (c) any entity whose underlying assets include “plan assets” by reason of any such employee benefit plan’s or plan’s investment in the entity (collectively, “Benefit Plan Investors”), (ii) obtain from you certain representations and agreements and (iii) provide you with certain related information with respect to your acquisition, holding and disposition of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes. By signing this Certificate, you agree to be bound by its terms.
Please be aware that the information contained in this Certificate is not intended to constitute advice and the examples given below are not intended to be, and are not, comprehensive. You should contact your own counsel if you have any questions in completing this Certificate. Capitalised terms not defined in this Certificate shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Trust Deed.
If a box is not checked, you are representing, warranting and agreeing that the applicable Section does not, and will not, apply to you.
1. ☐ Employee Benefit Plans Subject to ERISA or the Code. We, or the entity on whose behalf we are acting, are an “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA or a “plan” within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code.
Examples: (i) tax qualified retirement plans such as pension, profit sharing and section 401(k) plans, (ii) welfare benefit plans such as accident, life and medical plans, (iii) individual retirement accounts or “IRAs” and “Keogh” plans and (iv) certain tax-qualified educational and savings trusts.
2. ☐ Entity Holding Plan Assets. We, or the entity on whose behalf we are acting, are an entity or fund whose underlying assets include “plan assets” by reason of a Benefit Plan Investor’s investment in such entity.
Examples: (i) an insurance company separate account, (ii) a bank collective trust fund and (iii) a hedge fund or other private investment vehicle where 25 per cent. or more of the total value of any class of its equity is held by Benefit Plan Investors.
If you check Box 2, please indicate the maximum percentage of the entity or fund that will constitute “plan assets” for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code: per cent.
AN ENTITY OR FUND THAT CANNOT PROVIDE THE FOREGOING PERCENTAGE HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT FOR PURPOSES OF DETERMINING WHETHER BENEFIT PLAN INVESTORS OWN LESS THAN 25 PER CENT. OF THE TOTAL VALUE OF THE CLASS E NOTES, THE CLASS F NOTES, THE CLASS Z NOTES AND THE SUBORDINATED NOTES, 100 PER CENT. OF THE ASSETS OF THE ENTITY OR FUND WILL BE TREATED AS “PLAN ASSETS”.
ERISA and the regulations promulgated thereunder are technical. Accordingly, if you have any questions regarding whether you may be an entity described in this Section 2, you should consult with your counsel.
3. ☐ Insurance Company General Account. We, or the entity on whose behalf we are acting, are an insurance company purchasing the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes with funds from our or their general account (i.e., the insurance company’s corporate investment portfolio), whose assets, in whole or in part, constitute “plan assets” for purposes of 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the “Plan Asset Regulation”).
If you check Box 3, please indicate the maximum percentage of the insurance company general account that will constitute “plan assets” for purposes of conducting the 25 per cent. test under the Plan Asset Regulation: per cent. IF YOU DO NOT INCLUDE ANY PERCENTAGE IN THE BLANK SPACE, YOU WILL BE COUNTED AS IF YOU FILLED IN 100 PER CENT. IN THE BLANK SPACE.
4. ☐ None of Sections (1) Through (3) Above Apply. We, or the entity on whose behalf we are acting, are a person that does not fall into any of the categories described in Sections (1) through (3) above. If, after the date hereof, any of the categories described in Sections (1) through (3) above would apply, we will promptly notify the Issuer of such change.
5. No Prohibited Transaction. If we checked any of the boxes in Sections (1) through (3) above, we represent, warrant and agree that our acquisition, holding and disposition of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes do not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code.
6. Not Subject to Similar Law and No Violation of Other Plan Law. If we are a governmental, church, non-U.S. or other plan, we represent, warrant and agree that (a) we are not subject to any federal, state, local non-U.S. or other law or regulation that could cause the underlying assets of the Issuer to be treated as assets of the investor in any Note (or interest therein) by virtue of its interest and thereby subject the Issuer or the Collateral Manager (or other persons responsible for the investment and operation of the Issuer’s assets) to laws or regulations that are substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, and (b) our acquisition, holding and disposition of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes do not and will not constitute or result in a non-exempt violation of any law or regulation that is substantially similar to the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code.
7. ☐ Controlling Person. We are, or we are acting on behalf of any of: (i) the Collateral Manager, (ii) any person that has discretionary authority or control with respect to the assets of the Issuer, (iii) any person who provides investment advice for a fee (direct or indirect) with respect to such assets or (iv) any “affiliate” of any of the above persons. “Affiliate” shall have the meaning set forth in the Plan Asset Regulation. Any of the persons described in the first sentence of this Section 7 is referred to in this Certificate as a “Controlling Person”.
Note: We understand that, for purposes of determining whether Benefit Plan Investors hold less than 25 per cent. of the total value of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes (determined separately by each class), the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes held by Controlling Persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) are required to be disregarded.
8. Compelled Disposition. We acknowledge and agree that:
(i) if any representation that we made hereunder is subsequently shown to be false or misleading or our beneficial ownership otherwise causes a violation of the 25 per cent. Limitation, the Issuer shall, promptly after such discovery, send notice to us demanding that we transfer our interest to a person that is not a Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder within 10 days after the date of such notice;
(ii) if we fail to transfer our Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes, the Issuer shall have the right, without further notice to us, to sell our Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes or our interest in the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes to a purchaser selected by the Issuer that is not a Non-Permitted ERISA Noteholder on such terms as the Issuer may choose;
(iii) the Issuer may select the purchaser by soliciting one or more bids from one or more brokers or other market professionals that regularly deal in securities similar to the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes and selling such
securities to the highest such bidder. However, the Issuer may select a purchaser by any other means determined by it in its sole discretion;
(iv) by our acceptance of an interest in the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes, we agree to cooperate with the Issuer to effect such transfers;
(v) the proceeds of such sale, net of any commissions, expenses and taxes due in connection with such sale, shall be remitted to us; and
(vi) the terms and conditions of any sale under this sub-section shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, and the Issuer shall not be liable to us as a result of any such sale or the exercise of such discretion.
9. Required Notification and Agreement. We hereby agree that we (a) will inform the Issuer of any proposed transfer by us of all or a specified portion of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes and (b) will not initiate any such transfer after we have been informed by the Issuer in writing that such transfer would cause the 25 per cent. Limitation to be exceeded. We hereby agree and acknowledge that after the Issuer effects any permitted transfer of Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes owned by us to a Benefit Plan Investor or a Controlling Person or receives notice of any such permitted change of status, the Issuer shall include such Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes in future calculations of the 25 per cent. Limitation made pursuant hereto unless subsequently notified that such Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes (or such portion), as applicable, would no longer be deemed to be held by Benefit Plan Investors or Controlling Persons.
10. Continuing Representation; Reliance. We acknowledge and agree that the representations, warranties, acknowledgements and agreements contained in this Certificate shall be deemed made on each day from the date we make such representations, warranties, acknowledgements and agreements through and including the date on which we dispose of our interests in the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes. We understand and agree that the information supplied in this Certificate will be used and relied upon by the Issuer to determine that Benefit Plan Investors own or hold less than 25 per cent. of the total value of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes and the Subordinated Notes (determined separately by class) upon any subsequent transfer of the Class E Notes, Class F Notes, Class Z Notes or Subordinated Notes in accordance with the Trust Deed.
11. Further Acknowledgement and Agreement. We acknowledge and agree that (i) all of the representations, warranties, acknowledgements and assurances contained in this Certificate are for the benefit of the Issuer, the Trustee, Barclays Bank PLC and the Collateral Manager as third party beneficiaries hereof,
(ii) copies of this Certificate and any information contained herein may be provided to the Issuer, the Trustee, Barclays Bank PLC, the Collateral Manager, any Collateral Manager Related Person, Affiliates of any of the foregoing parties and to each of the foregoing parties’ respective counsel for purposes of making the determinations described above and (iii) any acquisition or transfer of the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes by us that is not in accordance with the provisions of this Certificate shall be null and void from the beginning, and of no legal effect.
12. Future Transfer Requirements.
Transferee Letter and its Delivery. We acknowledge and agree that (A) a transferee of an interest in a Global Certificate representing the Class E Notes, the Class F Notes, the Class Z Notes or the Subordinated Notes (or any interest therein) from us will be deemed to represent (among other things) that it is not a Benefit Plan Investor or a Controlling Person (unless it is the Collateral Manager or an Affiliate) and (B) if such a transferee holds such a Note in the form of a Definitive Certificate, it may acquire such Class E Note, Class F Note, Class Z Note or Subordinated Note if such transferee: (i) obtains the written consent of the Issuer; and (ii) provides an ERISA certificate to a Transfer Agent and the Issuer as to its status as a Benefit Plan Investor or Controlling Person. Any attempt to transfer in violation of this section will be null and void from the beginning, and of no legal effect.
Note: Unless you are notified otherwise, the name and address of the Issuer is as follows: Sculptor European CLO VII DAC, 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock, Dublin 1, Ireland.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has duly executed and delivered this Certificate.
[Insert Purchaser’s Name]
By:
Name:
Title:
Dated:
This Certificate relates to € of [Class E Notes]/[Class F Notes]/[Class Z Notes]/[Subordinated Notes]
ANNEX D
MOODY’S REGION FOR DIVERSITY SCORE

Country Region for diversity score

AFGHANISTAN Region 1
ALAND ISLANDSRegion 1
ALBANIA Region 1
AMERICAN SAMOARegion 2
ANDORRA Region 1
ANGUILLA Region 1
ANTARCTICA Region 2
ARMENIA Region 1
ARUBA Region 1
AUSTRALIA Region 3
AUSTRIA Region 1
AZERBAIJAN Region 1
BAHAMAS Region 2
BARBADOS Region 2
BELARUS Region 1
BELGIUM Region 1
BERMUDA Region 2
BOSNIA Region 1
BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINARegion 1 BOUVET ISLAND Region 1
BRUNEI Region 3
BULGARIA Region 1
CAMBODIA Region 3
CANADA Region 2
CAYMAN ISLANDSRegion 2
CHINA Region 3
CHRISTMAS ISLANDRegion 3
COCOS (KEELING) ISLANDSRegion 3
COOK ISLANDSRegion 3
CROATIA Region 1
CUBA Region 2
CYPRUS Region 1
CZECH REPUBLIC Region 1
DENMARK Region 1
DOMINICAN REPUBLICRegion 2
ESTONIA Region 1
FAROE ISLANDS Region 1
FIJI Region 3
FINLAND Region 1
FRANCE Region 1
FRENCH GUIANA Region 1
FRENCH POLYNESIARegion 1
FRENCH SOUTHERN TERRITORIESRegion 1
GEORGIA Region 1
GERMANY Region 1
GIBRALTAR Region 1
GREECE Region 1
GREENLAND Region 2
GUADELOUPE Region 1
GUAM Region 3
HAITI Region 2
HEARD ISLAND AND MCDONALD ISLANDSRegion 3
HONG KONGRegion 3
HUNGARY Region 1
ICELAND Region 1
INDONESIA Region 3
IRELAND Region 1
ISRAEL Region 1
ITALY Region 1
Country Region for diversity score

JAMAICA Region 2
JAPAN Region 3
KAZAKHSTAN Region 1
KIRIBATI Region 3
KOREA, DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OFRegion 3 KOREA, REPUBLIC OF Region 3
SOUTH KOREARegion 3
KYRGYZSTAN Region 1
LAOS Region 3
LATVIA Region 1
LIECHTENSTEIN Region 1
LITHUANIA Region 1
LUXEMBOURG Region 1
MACAO Region 3
MACEDONIA Region 1
MALAYSIA Region 3
MALTA Region 1
MARSHALL ISLANDSRegion 3
MARTINIQUE Region 1
MAYOTTE Region 1
MICRONESIA Region 3
MOLDOVA Region 1
MONACO Region 1
MONGOLIA Region 3
MYANMAR Region 3
NAURU Region 3
NETHERLANDS Region 1
NETHERLANDS ANTILLES Region 2
NEW CALEDONIARegion 3
NEW ZEALANDRegion 3
NIUE Region 3
NORFOLK ISLANDRegion 3
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDSRegion 3
NORWAY Region 1
PALAU Region 3
PAPUA NEW GUINEARegion 3
PHILIPPINES Region 3
PITCAIRN Region 1
POLAND Region 1
PORTUGAL Region 1
ROMANIA Region 1
RUSSIA Region 1
RUSSIAN FEDERATIONRegion 1
SAINT HELENARegion 1
SAINT KITTS AND NEVISRegion 1
SAINT PIERRE AND MIQUELONRegion 2
SAMOA Region 3
SAN MARINORegion 1
SERBIA AND MONTENEGRORegion 1
SINGAPORE Region 3
SLOVAKIA Region 1
SLOVENIA Region 1
SOLOMON ISLANDSRegion 3
SPAIN Region 1
SVALBARD AND JAN MAYENRegion 1
SWEDEN Region 1
SWITZERLAND Region 1
TAIWAN Region 3
TAJIKISTAN Region 1
THAILAND Region 3
TIMOR-LESTE Region 3
TOKELAU Region 3
Country Region for diversity score

TONGA Region 3
TRINIDAD AND TOBAGORegion 2
TURKEY Region 1
TURKMENISTAN Region 1
TUVALU Region 3
UKRAINE Region 1
UNITED KINGDOMRegion 1
UK Region 1
UNITED STATESRegion 2
UNITED STATES MINOR OUTLYING ISLANDSRegion 2 UZBEKISTAN Region 1
VANUATU Region 3
VATICAN CITY STATERegion 1
VIETNAM Region 3
WALLIS AND FUTUNARegion 3
SUPRANATIONAL Region 4
EUROMARKET Region 1
ASIA Region 3
EUROZONE Region 1
GLOBAL Region 4
ASIA-NOT EMERGING MARKETRegion 3
Other Other
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Sculptor European CLO VII DAC
3rd Floor Kilmore House Park Lane Spencer Dock Dublin 1 Ireland
COLLATERAL MANAGER
Sculptor Europe Loan Management Limited
40 Argyll Street London W1F 7EB United Kingdom
COLLATERAL ADMINISTRATOR AND INFORMATION AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Dublin Branch
Riverside II
Sir John Rogerson’s Quay Dublin 2
Ireland
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER AGENT
The Bank of New York Mellon SA/NV, Luxembourg Branch
Vertigo Building Polaris 2-4 rue Eugene Ruppert L-2453
Luxembourg
‎TRUSTEE
BNY Mellon Corporate Trustee Services Limited
One Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5AL United Kingdom
CALCULATION AGENT, ACCOUNT BANK, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CUSTODIAN
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch
One Canada Square Canary Wharf London E14 5AL United Kingdom
LEGAL ADVISERS
To the Sole Arranger and Initial Purchaser as to English Law and U.S. Law Cadwalader, Wickersham & Taft LLP 100 Bishopsgate
London EC2N 4AG United Kingdom
‎
To the Trustee Allen & Overy LLP One Bishops Square
London E1 6AD United Kingdom
To the Collateral Manager as to English Law and U.S. Law Paul Hastings (Europe) LLP
100 Bishopsgate London EC2N 4AG United Kingdom
‎
To the Issuer
as to the laws of Ireland
A&L Goodbody
IFSC
North Wall Quay Dublin 1 Ireland
LISTING AGENT
A&L Listing Limited
IFSC, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland

