TREATY between the Kingdom of Belgium,

the Kingdom of Denmark,

the Federal Republic of Germany,

the Hellenic Republic,

the Kingdom of Spain,

the French Republic,

Ireland,

the Italian Republic,

the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

the Kingdom of the Netherlands,

the Portuguese Republic,

the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (Member States of the European Union) and the Kingdom of Norway,

the Republic of Austria,

the Republic of Finland the Kingdom of Sweden,

concerning the accession of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden to the European Union.

(94/C 241/07)

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF THE BELGIANS,

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF DENMARK,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE HELLENIC REPUBLIC,

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF SPAIN,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE FRENCH REPUBLIC,

THE PRESIDENT OF IRELAND,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE ITALIAN REPUBLIC,

HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS THE GRAND DUKE OF LUXEMBOURG,

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF THE NETHERLANDS,

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF NORWAY,

THE FEDERAL PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE PORTUGUESE REPUBLIC,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF FINLAND,

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF SWEDEN,

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND,

UNITED in their desire to pursue the attainment of the objectives of the Treaties on which the European Union is founded,

DETERMINED in the spirit of those Treaties to continue the process of creating an ever closer union among the peoples of Europe on the foundations already laid,

CONSIDERING that Article O of the Treaty on European Union affords European States the opportunity of becoming members of the Union,

CONSIDERING that the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden have applied to become members of the Union,

CONSIDERING that the Council of the European Union, after having obtained the opinion of the Commission and the assent of the European Parliament, has declared itself in favour of the admission of these States,

HAVE DECIDED to establish by common agreement the conditions of admission and the adjustments to be made to the Treaties on which the European Union is founded, and to this end have designated as their Plenipotentiaries:

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF THE BELGIANS,

Mr Jean-Luc DEHAENE

Prime Minister

Mr Willy CLAES

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Ph. de SCHOUTHEETE de TERVARENT

Ambassador,

Permanent Representative of Belgium to the European Union

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF DENMARK,

Mr Poul Nyrup RASMUSSEN

Prime Minister

Mr Niels Helveg PETERSEN

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Gunnar RIBERHOLDT

Ambassador,

Permanent Representative of Denmark to the European Union

THE PRESIDENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY,

Dr Helmut KOHL

Federal Chancellor

Dr Klaus KINKEL

Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs and Deputy Federal Chancellor

Dr Dietrich von KYAW

Ambassador

Permanent Representative of the Federal Republic of Germany to the European Union

THE PRESIDENT OF THE HELLENIC REPUBLIC,

Mr Andreas PAPANDREOU

Prime Minister

Mr Karolos PAPOULIAS

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Theodoros PANGALOS

Deputy Minister for Foreign Affairs

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF SPAIN,

Mr Felipe GONZÁLEZ MÁRQUEZ

President of the Government

Mr Javier SOLANA MADARIAGA

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Carlos WESTENDORP y CABEZA

State Secretary for Relations with the European Communities

THE PRESIDENT OF THE FRENCH REPUBLIC,

Mr Edouard BALLADUR

Prime Minister

Mr Alain JUPPÉ

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Alain LAMASSOURE

Minister with special responsibility for European Affairs

Mr Pierre de BOISSIEU

Ambassador,

Permanent Representative of France to the European Union

THE PRESIDENT OF IRELAND,

Mr Albert REYNOLDS

Prime Minister

Mr Dick SPRING

Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Padraic McKERNAN

Ambassador

Permanent Representative of Ireland to the European Union

THE PRESIDENT OF THE ITALIAN REPUBLIC,

Mr Silvio BERLUSCONI

Prime Minister

Mr Antonio MARTINO

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Livio CAPUTO

State Secretary for Foreign Affairs

HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS THE GRAND DUKE OF LUXEMBOURG,

Mr Jacques SANTER

Prime Minister

Mr Jacques F. POOS

Deputy Prime Minister

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Jean-Jacques KASEL

Ambassador,

Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the European Union

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF THE NETHERLANDS,

Mr R. F. M. LUBBERS

Prime Minister

Dr P. H. KOOIJMANS

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Dr B. R. BOT

Ambassador

Permanent Representative of the Netherlands to the European Union

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF NORWAY,

Mrs Gro HARLEM BRUNDTLAND

Prime Minister

Mr Bjørn TORE GODAL

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mrs Grete KNUDSEN

Minister for Trade, Minister for Merchant Shipping

Mr Eivinn BERG

Head of the Delegation entrusted with the negotiations

THE FEDERAL PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA,

Mr Franz VRANITZKY

Federal Chancellor

Mr Alois MOCK

Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Ulrich STACHER

Director General,

Federal Chancellory

Mr Manfred SCHEICH

Head of the Austrian Mission to the European Communities

THE PRESIDENT OF THE PORTUGUESE REPUBLIC,

Mr Aníbal CAVACO SILVA

Prime Minister

Mr José DURÃO BARROSO

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Vítor MARTINS

State Secretary for European Affairs

THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF FINLAND,

Mr Esko AHO

Prime Minister

Mr Pertti SALOLAINEN

Minister for Foreign Trade

Mr Heikki HAAVISTO

Minister for Foreign Affairs

Mr Veli SUNDBÄCK

State Secretary for Foreign Affairs

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF SWEDEN,

HE Mr Carl BILDT

Prime Minister

HE Mrs Margaretha af UGGLAS

Minister for Foreign Affairs

HE Mr Ulf DINKELSPIEL

Minister for European Affairs and Foreign Trade

Mr Frank BELFRAGE

Under-Secretary of State for European Affairs and Foreign Trade

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND,

The Rt Hon John MAJOR

Prime Minister

The Rt Hon Douglas HURD

Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs

Mr David HEATHCOAT-AMORY

Minister of State, Foreign and Commonwealth Office

WHO, having exchanged their full powers found in good and due form,

HAVE AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

Article 1

1. The Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden hereby become members of the European Union and Parties to the Treaties on which the Union is founded as amended or supplemented.

2. The conditions of admission and the adjustments to the Treaties on which the Union is founded, entailed by such admission, are set out in the Act annexed to this Treaty. The provisions of that Act shall form an integral part of this Treaty.

3. The provisions concerning the rights and obligations of the Member States and the powers and jurisdiction of the institutions of the Union as set out in the Treaties referred to in paragraph 1 shall apply in respect of this Treaty.

Article 2

1. This Treaty shall be ratified by the High Contracting Parties in accordance with their respective constitutional requirements. The instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Government of the Italian Republic by 31 December 1994 at the latest.

2. This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 1995 provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date.

If, however, the States referred to in Article 1 (1) have not all deposited their instruments of ratification in due time, the Treaty shall enter into force for those States which have deposited their instruments. In this case, the Council of the European Union, acting unanimously, shall decide immediately upon such adjustments as have become indispensable to Article 3 of this Treaty, to Articles 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 25, 26, 156, 157, 158, 159, 160, 161, 162, 170 and 176 of the Act of Accession, to Annex I to that Act and to Protocols No 1 and No 6 annexed thereto; acting unanimously, it may also declare that those provisions of the aforementioned Act, including its Annexes and Protocols, which refer expressly to a State which has not deposited its instrument of ratification have lapsed, or it may adjust them.

3. Notwithstanding paragraph 2, the institutions of the Union may adopt before accession the measures referred to in Articles 30, 39, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47, 48, 53, 57, 59, 62, 74, 75, 76, 92, 93, 94, 95, 100, 102, 105, 119, 120, 121, 122, 127, 128, 131, 142 (2) and (3) second indent, 145, 148, 149, 150, 151 and 169 of the Act of Accession and Articles 11 (6) and 12 (2) of Protocol No 9. These measures shall enter into force only subject to and on the date of the entry into force of this Treaty.

Article 3

This Treaty, drawn up in a single original in the Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Irish, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish and Swedish languages, the texts in each of these languages being equally authentic, shall be deposited in the archives of the Government of the Italian Republic, which will remit a certified copy to each of the Governments of the other Signatory States.

EN FE DE LO CUAL, los plenipotenciarios abajo firmantes suscriben el presente Tratado.

TIL BEKRÆFTELSE HERAF har undertegnede befuldmægtigede underskrevet denne traktat.

ZU URKUND DESSEN haben die unterzeichneten Bevollmächtigten ihre Unterschriften unter diesen Vertrag gesetzt.

ÓÅ ÐÉÓÔÙÓÇ ÔÙÍ ÁÍÙÔÅÑÙ, ïé õðïãåãñáììÝíïé ðëçñåîïýóéïé õðÝãñáøáí ôçí ðáñïýóá óõíèÞêç.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the undersigned Plenipotentiaries have signed this Treaty.

EN FOI DE QUOI, les plénipotentiaires soussignés ont apposé leurs signatures au bas du présent traité.

DÁ FHIANÚ SIN, chuir na Lánchumhachtaigh thíos-sínithe à lámh leis an gConradh seo.

IN FEDE DI CHE, i plenipotenziari sottoscritti hanno apposto le loro firme in calce al presente trattato.

TEN BLIJKE WAARVAN de ondergetekende gevolmachtigden hun handtekening onder dit Verdrag hebben gesteld.

TIL BEKREFTELSE AV DETTE har nedenstående befullmektigede undertegnet denne traktat.

EM FÉ DO QUE, os plenipotenciários abaixo-assinados apuseram as suas assinaturas no final do presente Tratado.

TÄMÄN VAKUUDEKSI ALLA MAINITUT täysivaltaiset edustajat ovat allekirjoittaneet tämän sopimuksen.

SOM BEKRÄFTELSE PÅ DETTA har undertecknade befullmäktigade ombud undertecknat detta fördrag.

Hecho en Corfú, el veinticuatro de junio de mil novecientos noventa y cuatro.

Udfærdiget i Korfu den fireogtyvende juni nitten hundrede og fireoghalvfems.

Geschehen zu Korfu am vierundzwanzigsten Juni neunzehnhundertvierundneunzig.

¸ãéíå óôçí ÊÝñêõñá, óôéò åßêïóé ôÝóóåñéò Éïõíßïõ ÷ßëéá åííéáêüóéá åíåíÞíôá ôÝóóåñá.

Done at Corfu on the twenty-fourth day of June in the year one thousand nine hundred and ninety-four.

Fait à Corfou, le vingt-quatre juin mil neuf cent quatre-vingt-quatorze.

Arna dhéanamh in Corfú ar an ceathrú lá is fiche de Mheitheamh sa bhliain míle naoi gcéad nócha ceathair.

Fatto a Corfù, addì ventiquattro giugno millenovecentonovantaquattro.

Gedaan te Korfoe, de vierentwintigste juni negentienhonderd vierennegentig.

Utferdiget på Korfu den tjuefjerde juni nittenhundreognittifire.

Feito em Corfu, em vinte e quatro de Junho de mil novecentos e noventa e quatro.

Tehty Korfulla kahdentenakymmenentenäneljäntenä päivänä kesäkuuta vuonna tuhat

yhdeksänsataayhdeksänkymmentäneljä.

Upprättat på Korfu den tjugofjärde juni år nittonhundranittiofyra.

Pour Sa Majesté le Roi des Belges

Voor Zijne Majesteit de Koning der Belgen

Für Seine Majestät der König der Belgier

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

For Hendes Majestæt Danmarks Dronning

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Für den Präsidenten der Bundesrepublik Deutschland

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Ãéá ôïí Ðñüåäñï ôçò ÅëëçíéêÞò Äçìïêñáôßáò

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Por Su Majestad el Rey de España

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Pour le Président de la République française

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Thar ceann Uachtarán na hÉireann

For the President of Ireland

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Per il Presidente della Repubblica italiana

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Pour Son Altesse Royale le Grand-Duc de Luxembourg

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Voor Hare Majesteit de Koningin der Nederlanden

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

For Hans Majestet Konget av Norge

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Für den Bundespräsidenten der Republik Österreich

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Pelo Presidente da República Portuguesa

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Suomen Tasavallan Presidentin puolesta

För Republiken Finlands President

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

För Hans Majestät Konungen av Sverige

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

For Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

ACT concerning the conditions of accession of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden and the adjustments to the Treaties on which the European Union is founded (94/C 241/08)

PART ONE PRINCIPLES

Article 1

For the purposes of this Act:

- the expression 'original Treaties` means:

- the Treaty establishing the European Coal and Steel Community ('ECSC Treaty`), the Treaty establishing the European Community ('EC Treaty`) and the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community ('Euratom Treaty`), as supplemented or amended by treaties or other acts which entered into force before this accession,

- the Treaty on European Union ('EU Treaty`),

- the expression 'present Member States` means the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Portuguese Republic and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,

- the expression 'the Union` means the European Union as established by the EU Treaty,

- the expression 'the Community` means one or more of the Communities referred to in the first indent, as the case may be,

- the expression 'new Member States` means the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden,

- the expression 'the institutions` means the institutions established by the original Treaties.

Article 2

From the date of accession, the provisions of the original Treaties and the acts adopted by the institutions before accession shall be binding on the new Member States and shall apply in those States under the conditions laid down in those Treaties and in this Act.

Article 3

The new Member States undertake in respect of those conventions or instruments in the field of justice and home affairs which are inseparable from the attainment of the objectives of the EU Treaty:

- to accede to those which, by the date of accession, have been opened for signature by the present Member States, and to those which have been drawn up by the Council in accordance with Title VI of the EU Treaty and recommended to the Member States for adoption,

- to introduce administrative and other arrangements, such as those adopted by the date of accession by the present Member States or by the Council, to facilitate practical cooperation between Member States' institutions and organizations working in the field of justice and home affairs.

Article 4

1. The new Member States accede by this Act to the decisions and agreements adopted by the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States meeting within the Council. They undertake to accede from the date of accession to all other agreements concluded by the present Member States relating to the functioning of the Union or connected with the activities thereof.

2. The new Member States undertake to accede to the conventions provided for in Article 220 of the EC Treaty and to those that are inseparable from the attainment of the objectives of the EC Treaty, and also to the protocols on the interpretation of those conventions by the Court of Justice, signed by the present Member States and to this end they undertake to enter into negotiations with the present Member States in order to make the necessary adjustments thereto.

3. The new Member States are in the same situation as the present Member States in respect of declarations or resolutions of, or other positions taken up by, the European Council or the Council and in respect of those concerning the Communities or the Union adopted by common agreement of the Member States; they will accordingly observe the principles and guidelines deriving from those declarations, resolutions or other positions and will take such measures as may be necessary to ensure their implementation.

Article 5

1. The agreements or conventions concluded by any of the Communities, with one or more third States, with an international organization or with a national of a third State, shall, under the conditions laid down in the original Treaties and in this Act, be binding on the new Member States.

2. The new Member States undertake to accede, under the conditions laid down in this Act, to the agreements or conventions concluded by the present Member States and any of the Communities, acting jointly, and to the agreements concluded by those States which are related to those agreements or conventions. The Community and the present Member States, in the framework of the Union, shall assist the new Member States in this respect.

3. The new Member States accede by this Act and under the conditions laid down therein to the internal agreements concluded by the present Member States for the purpose of implementing the agreements or conventions referred to in paragraph 2.

4. The new Member States shall take appropriate measures, where necessary, to adjust their position in relation to international organizations and to those international agreements to which one of the Communities or to which other Member States are also parties, to the rights and obligations arising from their accession to the Union.

Article 6

Article 234 of the EC Treaty and Articles 105 and 106 of the Euratom Treaty shall apply for the new Member States to agreements or contracts concluded before their accession.

Article 7

The provisions of this Act may not, unless otherwise provided herein, be suspended, amended or repealed other than by means of the procedure laid down in the original Treaties enabling those Treaties to be revised.

Article 8

Acts adopted by the institutions to which the transitional provisions laid down in this Act relate shall retain their status in law; in particular, the procedures for amending those acts shall continue to apply.

Article 9

Provisions of this Act the purpose or effect of which is to repeal or amend acts adopted by the institutions, otherwise than as a transitional measure, shall have the same status in law as the provisions which they repeal or amend and shall be subject to the same rules as those provisions.

Article 10

The application of the original Treaties and acts adopted by the institutions shall, as a transitional measure, be subject to the derogations provided for in this Act.

PART TWO ADJUSTMENTS TO THE TREATIES TITLE 1 INSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS CHAPTER 1 The European Parliament

Article 11

The following is substituted for Article 2 of the Act concerning the election of the representatives of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage, which is annexed to Decision 76/787/ECSC, EEC, Euratom:

'Article 2

The number of representatives elected in each Member States is as follows:

>TABLE>

`.

CHAPTER 2 The Council

Article 12

The following is substituted for the second paragraph of Article 27 of the ECSC Treaty, the second paragraph of Article 146 of the EC Treaty and the second paragraph of Article 116 of the Euratom Treaty:

'The office of President shall be held in turn by each Member State in the Council for a term of six months in the order decided by the Council acting unanimously.`

Article 13

The following is substituted for Article 28 of the ECSC Treaty:

'Article 28

When the Council is consulted by the Commission, it shall consider the matter without necessarily taking a vote. The minutes of its proceedings shall be forwarded to the Commission.

Wherever this Treaty requires that the assent of the Council be given, that assent shall be considered to have been given if the proposal submitted by the Commission receives the approval:

- of an absolute majority of the representatives of the Member States, including the votes of the representatives of two Member States which each produce at least one tenth of the total value of the coal and steel output of the Community, or

- in the event of an equal division of votes and if the Commission maintains its proposal after a second discussion, of the representatives of three Member States which each produce at least one tenth of the total value of the coal and steel output of the Community.

Wherever this Treaty requires a unanimous decision or unanimous assent, such decision or assent shall have been duly given if all the members of the Council vote in favour. However, for the purposes of applying Articles 21, 32, 32a, 45b and 78h of this Treaty, and Article 16, the third paragraph of Article 20, the fifth paragraph of Article 28 and Article 44 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice, abstention by members present in person or represented shall not prevent the adoption by the Council of acts which require unanimity.

Decisions of the Council, other than those for which a qualified majority or unanimity is required, shall be taken by a vote of the majority of its members; this majority shall be considered to be attained if it represents an absolute majority of the representatives of the Member States, including the votes of the representatives of two Member States which each produce at least one tenth of the total value of the coal and steel output of the Community. However, for the purpose of applying Articles 45b, 78 and 78b of this Treaty which require a qualified majority, the votes of the members of the Council are weighted as follows:

>TABLE>

For their adoption, acts shall require at least 64 votes in favour, cast by not less than 11 members.

Where a vote is taken, any member of the Council may act on behalf of not more than one other member.

The Council shall deal with the Member States through its President.

The acts of the Council shall be published in such a manner as it may decide.`

Article 14

The following is substituted for the fourth paragraph of Article 95 of the ECSC Treaty:

'These amendments shall be proposed jointly by the Commission and the Council, acting by a thirteen sixteenths majority of its members, and shall be submitted to the Court for its opinion. In considering them, the Court shall have full power to assess all points of fact and of law. If, as a result of such consideration, it finds the proposals compatible with the provisions of the preceding paragraph, they shall be forwarded to the European Parliament and shall enter into force if approved by a majority of threequarters of the votes cast and two-thirds of the members of the European Parliament.`

Article 15

1. The following is substituted for Article 148 (2) of the EC Treaty and Article 118 (2) of the Euratom Treaty:

'2. Where the Council is required to act by a qualified majority, the votes of its members shall be weighted as follows:

>TABLE>

For their adoption, acts of the Council shall require at least:

- 64 votes in favour where this Treaty requires them to be adopted on a proposal from the Commission,

- 64 votes in favour, cast by at least 11 members, in other cases.`

2. The following is substituted for the second subparagraph of Article J.3 (2) of the EU Treaty:

'Where the Council is required to act by a qualified majority pursuant to the preceding subparagraph, the votes of its members shall be weighted in accordance with Article 148 (2) of the Treaty establishing the European Community, and, for their adoption, acts of the Council shall require at least 64 votes in favour, cast by at least 11 members.`

3. The following is substituted for the second subparagraph of Article K.4 (3) of the EU Treaty:

'Where the Council is required to act by a qualified majority, the votes of its members shall be weighted as laid down in Article 148 (2) of the Treaty establishing the European Community, and for their adoption, acts of the Council shall require at least 64 votes in favour, cast by at least 11 members.`

4. The following is substituted for the first sentence of the second subparagraph of point 2 of the Protocol on social policy annexed to the EC Treaty:

'By way of derogation from Article 148 (2) of the Treaty, acts of the Council which are made pursuant to this Protocol and which must be adopted by qualified majority shall be deemed adopted if they have received at least 54 votes in favour.`

CHAPTER 3 The Commission

Article 16

The following is substituted for the first subparagraph of Article 9 (1) of the ECSC Treaty, the first subparagraph of Article 157 (1) of the EC Treaty and the first subparagraph of Article 126 (1) of the Euratom Treaty:

'1. The Commission shall consist of 21 members, who shall be chosen on the grounds of their general competence and whose independence is beyond doubt.`

CHAPTER 4 The Court of Justice

Article 17

1. The following is substituted for the first paragraph of Article 32 of the ECSC Treaty, the first paragraph of Article 165 of the EC Treaty and the first paragraph of Article 137 of the Euratom Treaty:

'The Court of Justice shall consist of 17 Judges.`

2. The following is substituted for the first paragraph of Article 2 of Council Decision (88/591/ECSC/EEC/Euratom):

'The Court of First Instance shall consist of 16 Judges.`

Article 18

The following shall be substituted for the second paragraph of Article 32 of the ECSC Treaty, the second paragraph of Article 165 of the EC Treaty, the second paragraph of Article 137 of the Euratom Treaty and the first paragraph of Article 18 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice of the ECSC:

'The Court of Justice shall sit in plenary session. It may, however, form chambers, each consisting of three, five or seven Judges, either to undertake certain preparatory inquiries or to adjudicate on particular categories of cases in accordance with rules laid down for these purposes.`

Article 19

The following shall be substituted for the second paragraph of Article 18 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Coal and Steel Community, Article 15 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Community and Article 15 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Atomic Energy Community:

'Decisions of the Court shall be valid only when an uneven number of its members is sitting in the deliberations. Decisions of the full Court shall be valid if nine members are sitting. Decisions of the Chambers consisting of three or five Judges shall be valid only if three Judges are sitting. Decisions of the Chambers consisting of seven Judges shall be valid only if five Judges are sitting. In the event of one of the Judges of a Chamber being prevented from attending, a Judge of another Chamber may be called upon to sit in accordance with conditions laid down in the Rules of Procedure.`

Article 20

The following is substituted for the first paragraph of Article 32a of the ECSC Treaty, the first paragraph of Article 166 of the EC Treaty and the first paragraph of Article 138 of the Euratom Treaty:

'The Court of Justice shall be assisted by eight Advocates-General.`

Article 21

The following is substituted for the second and third paragraphs of Article 32b of the ECSC Treaty, the second and third paragraphs of Article 167 of the EC Treaty and the second and third paragraphs of Article 139 of the Euratom Treaty:

'Every three years there shall be a partial replacement of the Judges. Nine and eight Judges shall be replaced alternately.

Every three years there shall be a partial replacement of the Advocates-General. Four Advocates-General shall be replaced on each occasion.`

CHAPTER 5 The Court of Auditors

Article 22

The following is substituted for Article 45b (1) of the ECSC Treaty, Article 188b (1) of the EC Treaty and Article 160b (1) of the Euratom Treaty:

'1. The Court of Auditors shall consist of 16 members.`

CHAPTER 6 The Economic and Social Committee

Article 23

The following is substituted for the first paragraph of Article 194 of the EC Treaty and the first paragraph of Article 166 of the Euratom Treaty:

'The number of members of the Economic and Social Committee shall be as follows:

>TABLE>

`.

CHAPTER 7 The Committee of the Regions

Article 24

The following is substituted for the second paragraph of Article 198a of the EC Treaty:

'The number of members of the Committee of the Regions shall be as follows:

>TABLE>

`.

CHAPTER 8 The ECSC Consultative Committee

Article 25

The following is substituted for the first paragraph of Article 18 of the ECSC Treaty:

'A Consultative Committee shall be attached to the Commission. It shall consist of not less than 87 and not more than 111 members and shall comprise equal numbers of producers, of workers and of consumers and dealers.`

CHAPTER 9 The Scientific and Technical Committee

Article 26

The following is substituted for the first subparagraph of Article 134 (2) of the Euratom Treaty:

'2. The Committee shall consist of 39 members, appointed by the Council after consultation with the Commission.`

TITLE II OTHER ADJUSTMENTS

Article 27

The following is substituted for Article 227 (1) of the EC Treaty:

'1. This Treaty shall apply to the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Portuguese Republic, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.`

Article 28

The following shall be inserted in Article 227 (5) of the EC Treaty as paragraph (d), in Article 79 of the ECSC Treaty as paragraph (d) and in Article 198 of the Euratom Treaty as paragraph (e):

'This Treaty shall not apply to the Åland islands. The Government of Finland may, however, give notice, by a declaration deposited when ratifying this Treaty with the Government of the Italian Republic, that the Treaty shall apply to the Åland islands in accordance with the provisions set out in Protocol No 2 to the Act concerning the accession of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden to the European Union. The Government of the Italian Republic shall transmit a certified copy of any such declaration to the Member States.`

PART THREE ADAPTATIONS TO ACTS ADOPTED BY THE INSTITUTIONS

Article 29

The acts listed in Annex I to this Act shall be adapted as specified in that Annex.

Article 30

The adaptations to the acts listed in Annex II to this Act made necessary by accession shall be drawn up in conformity with the guidelines set out in that Annex and in accordance with the procedure and under the conditions laid down in Article 169.

PART FOUR TRANSITIONAL MEASURES TITLE I INSTITUTIONAL PROVISIONS

Article 31

1. During the first two years following accession, each of the new Member States shall hold an election to the European Parliament, by direct universal suffrage of their people, of the number of representatives fixed in Article 11 of this Act, in accordance with the provisions of the Act of 20 September 1976 concerning the election of representatives of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage.

2. From accession and for the period running until each of the elections referred to in paragraph 1, the representatives of the European Parliament of the people of the new Member States shall be appointed by the Parliaments of these States within themselves in accordance with the procedure laid down by each of those States.

3. However, any of the new Member States which so decides may hold elections to the European Parliament during the period between the signature and the entry into force of the Accession Treaty in accordance with Protocol No 8 annexed to this Act.

4. The term of office of the representatives elected under the terms of paragraphs 1 or 3 shall end at the same time as that of the representatives elected in the present Member States for the five-year term 1994-1999.

TITLE II TRANSITIONAL MEASURES CONCERNING NORWAY CHAPTER 1 Free movement of goods Section I Standards and environment

Article 32

1. During a period of four years from the date of accession, the provisions referred to in Annex III shall, in accordance with that Annex and subject to the conditions set out therein, not apply to Norway.

2. The provisions referred to in paragraph 1 shall be reviewed within that period in accordance with EC procedures.

Without prejudice to the outcome of that review, at the end of the transitional period referred to in paragraph 1, the EC acquis will be applicable to the new Member States under the same conditions as in the present Member States.

Section II Miscellaneous

Article 33

During a period of three years from the date of accession, the Kingdom of Norway may continue to apply its present national system for the classification of wood in the rough to the extent that its national legislation and administrative arrangements pertaining thereto do not contravene Community legislation relating to the internal market or trade with third countries, and in particular Article 6 of Directive 68/89/EEC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning the classification of wood in the rough.

During the same period, and in accordance with the procedures laid down in the EC Treaty, Directive 68/89/EEC shall be reviewed.

CHAPTER 2 Free movement of persons, services and capital

Article 34

Notwithstanding the obligations under the Treaties on which the European Union is founded, the Kingdom of Norway may maintain its existing legislation regarding secondary residences for five years from the date of accession.

Article 35

The Kingdom of Norway may, for three years from the date of accession, continue to apply restrictions on ownership by non-nationals of Norwegian fishing vessels.

CHAPTER 3 Fisheries Section I General provisions

Article 36

1. Unless any provision of this Chapter stipulates otherwise, the rules laid down by this Act shall apply to the fisheries sector.

2. Articles 148 and 149 shall apply to fishery products.

Section II Access to waters and resources

Article 37

Unless any provision of this Chapter stipulates otherwise, the arrangements for access to waters laid down in this Section shall apply during a transitional period the end of which shall be marked by the date of implementation of the Community fishing permit system and which will not in any event be later than the date of expiry of the period laid down in Article 14 (2) of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92 of 20 December 1992 establishing a Community system for fisheries and aquaculture.

Subsection I Norwegian vessels

Article 38

For the purposes of their integration into the Community system for fisheries and aquaculture set up by Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, access to the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of the present Member States by vessels flying the flag of Norway and recorded and/or registered in a Norwegian port, hereinafter referred to as 'Norwegian vessels`, shall be subject to the system defined in this Subsection.

From the date of Accession, that access regime will ensure that Norway will maintain the fishing possibilities as set out in Article 44.

Article 39

1. Until the date of integration of the specific arrangements laid down in Articles 156 to 165 and 347 to 352 of the Act of Accession of Spain and Portugal into the general rules of the Common Fisheries Policy as established by Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, only 441 Norwegian vessels, given in Annex IV, hereinafter referred to as 'the basic list`, may be authorized to fish in ICES Divisions V b, VI and VII. During the period from the date of accession to 31 December 1995, the zone situated to the south of latitude 56° 30'N, to the east of longitude 12°W and to the north of latitude 50° 30'N is closed for fisheries other than by longliners.

2. Only 165 standard vessels for fishing for demersal species, taken from the basic list, shall be authorized to fish at the same time, provided that they appear on a periodical list adopted by the Commission.

3. 'Standard vessel` means a vessel having a break horse-power equal to 511 kilowatts (kW). The conversion rates for vessels having a different engine power shall be as follows:

- less than 219 kW:0,57,

- equal to or more than 219 kW, but less than 292 kW:0,76,

- equal to or more than 292 kW, but less than 365 kW:0,85,

- equal to or more than 365 kW, but less than 438 kW:0,90,

- equal to or more than 438 kW, but less than 511 kW:0,96,

- equal to or more than 511 kW, but less than 584 kW:1,00,

- equal to or more than 584 kW, but less than 730 kW:1,07,

- equal to or more than 730 kW, but not more than 876 kW:1,11,

- more than 876 kW:2,25,

- longliners: 1,00,

- longliners equipped with gear allowing the automatic baiting or mechanical lifting of long lines: 2,00.

4. Only 60 vessels shall be authorized for fishing for pelagic species at the same time for the period 1 December to 31 May, and 30 vessels for the period 1 June to 30 November.

5. Any adjustments to the basic list resulting from the laying-up, before accession, of a vessel for reasons of 'force majeure` shall be adopted at the latest by 1 January 1995 according to the procedure of Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92. These adjustments may not affect the number of vessels and their allocation between each of the categories, nor bring about an increase in overall tonnage or total power for each category. Further, Norwegian vessels designated as replacements may be chosen only from among those listed in Annex V.

6. The number of standard vessels referred to in paragraph 2 may be increased on the basis of the development of fishing possibilities allocated to Norway for stocks subject to limitations on the rate of exploitation within the meaning of Article 8 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92 in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 8 (4) of that Regulation.

7. As and when vessels referred to in the basic list are laid up or scrapped and deleted from the basic list after accession, they may be replaced by vessels of the same category having an engine power not exceeding that of the vessels thus deleted.

The conditions of replacement referred to in the preceding subparagraph shall apply only insofar as the capacity of the fleet of the present Member States is not increased in the Community waters of the Atlantic.

8. Provisions aimed at ensuring that operators comply with rules, including those aimed at the possibility of not authorizing the vessel concerned to fish for a certain period, shall be adopted before 1 January 1995 under the procedure provided for in Article 8 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 40

1. After the date of integration of the specific arrangements laid down in Articles 156 to 165 and 347 to 352 of the Act of Accession of Spain and Portugal into the general rules of the Common Fisheries Policy as established by Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92 and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, Norwegian vessels shall be authorized to fish in the waters covered by Article 39, under the conditions adopted by the Council and in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 8 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

2. The access laid down in paragraph 1 shall be regulated in the same way as that applicable to vessels flying the flag of a Member State of the Union as at present constituted, hereinafter referred to as 'vessels of the Union as at present constituted`, in Community waters north of 62°N.

Article 41

Upon the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, Norwegian vessels shall be authorized to fish in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of the Member States of the Union as at present constituted, in ICES Divisions II a, III a (Skagerrak) (1) and IV, under conditions identical to those applicable immediately prior to the entry into force of the Accession Treaty and as laid down by the relevant provisions of Council Regulation (EC) No 3691/93.

Article 42

The technical procedures which prove necessary in order to ensure the application of Articles 39, 40 and 41 shall be adopted before 1 January 1995, according to the procedure provided for in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 43

Upon the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, Norwegian vessels shall be authorized to fish in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Sweden in ICES Division IIIa (Skagerrak), under conditions identical to those applicable immediately prior to the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Detailed rules for implementing this Article shall be adopted by 1 January 1995 under the procedure laid down under Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 44

1. The share of Community fishing opportunities for stocks which are regulated by a catch limit, to be allocated to Norway, shall be fixed as follows, by species and by zone:

>TABLE>

2. The Community fishing opportunities allocated to Norway shall be set in accordance with Article 8 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, for the first time before 1 January 1995.

3. The quantities allocated to Norway of species not subject to limits on rates of exploitation in the form of catch limits, or subject to TACs, but not allocated in quotas between Member States of the Union as constituted at present, shall be set on a flat-rate basis as follows, by species and by zone:

>TABLE>

4. Until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, in waters of the Community as at present constituted the fishing effort of Norwegian vessels in relation to non-regulated and non-allocated species may not exceed levels reached immediately prior to the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Subsection II Vessels of the Union as at present constituted

Article 45

As from the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, all provisions concerning fishing by vessels of the Union as at present constituted in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway north of 62°N, shall be identical to those applicable immediately prior to entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

The implementing rules to this Article shall be adopted by 1 January 1995 in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 46

As from the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, vessels of the Union as at present constituted shall be authorized to fish, in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway, in ICES Divisions IIIa and IV, under conditions identical to those applicable immediately prior to entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

The implementing rules to this Article shall be adopted by 1 January 1995 in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 47

1. The share of Community fishing opportunities in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway on stocks other than those at present managed jointly by the Union and Norway, and subject to catch limits, to be allocated to the Union as at present constituted, shall be fixed as follows by species and zone:

>TABLE>

2. The fishing opportunities allocated to the Union as at present constituted shall be set in accordance with Article 8 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, for the first time before 1 January 1995.

3. The quantities allocated to the Union as at present constituted in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway of species not subject to limits on exploitation rates in the form of catch limits shall be set on a flat-rate basis as follows, by species and by zone:

>TABLE>

4. Until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, in the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway the levels of fishing effort by vessels of the Union as at present constituted for non-regulated and non-allocated species may not exceed the levels reached immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Subsection III Other provisions

Article 48

1. Except where otherwise specified in the present Act, the conditions, including the geographical framework and the traditional fishing patterns, under which the allocations made in Articles 44 and 47 can be fished by Norway in the waters of the Community as at present constituted and by the Union as at present constituted in Norwegian waters, will remain identical to those applicable immediately prior to the entry in force of the Accession Treaty.

2. These conditions shall be fixed for the first time before 1 January 1995, in accordance with Article 8 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 49

Until 30 June 1998 Norway shall be authorized to set the levels of the rates of exploitation in the form of catch limitations for resources located in the waters falling under its sovereignty or within its jurisdiction north of 62°N, with the exception of mackerel.

The full integration of the management of those resources into the Common Fisheries Policy after that date shall be based on the existing management regime as reflected in the Joint Declaration on the management of fisheries resources in waters north of 62°N.

Article 50

1. During a period of one year from the date of accession, in the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway, the technical measures applicable immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty shall be maintained with regard to all vessels of the Union.

2. During a period of three years from the date of accession, in waters under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway situated north of 62°N, the competent Norwegian authorities shall be authorized to adopt measures temporarily prohibiting certain types of fishing in biologically sensitive zones for reasons of stock conservation, to apply to all vessels concerned.

3. During a period of three years, for vessels of the Union fishing in waters under the sovereignty or jurisdiction of Norway all catches shall be maintained on board in Norwegian waters.

4. During a period of three years, for vessels of the Union fishing in waters under the sovereignty or jurisdiction of Norway, catches of species subject to catch limitations for which fishing is closed shall be maintained on board in Norwegian waters.

5. Before the end of the transitional periods mentioned in paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4, in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 4 (1) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, the Council shall take a decision on the technical measures applicable in the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway for all vessels of the Union with a view to maintaining or developing existing measures.

Article 51

Without prejudice to the provisions of Council Regulation (EEC) 2847/93, Norway may maintain national control measures existing immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty and apply them to all vessels of the Union:

- for a period of three years from the date of accession, in the waters falling under its sovereignty or within its jurisdiction which are situated north of 62°N;

- for a period of one year from the date of accession, in the waters falling under its sovereignty or within its jurisdiction which are situated south of 62°N.

Before the end of these transitional periods, in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 43 of the EC Treaty, the Council shall take a decision on the control measures applicable in the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Norway for all vessels of the Union with a view to maintaining or developing existing measures.

Section III External resources

Article 52

1. As from accession, the fisheries agreements concluded by the Kingdom of Norway with third countries shall be managed by the Community .

However, until 30 June 1998, the agreement with Russia of 15 October 1976 on mutual fishing relations shall be managed by the Kingdom of Norway in close association with the Commission.

2. The rights and obligations resulting for the Kingdom of Norway from the agreements referred to in paragraph 1 shall not be affected during the period in which the provisions of these agreements are provisionally maintained.

3. As soon as possible, and in any event before the expiry of the agreements referred to in paragraph 1, the appropriate decisions for the continuation of fishing possibilities shall be adopted in each case by the Council, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, including the possibility of extending certain agreements for periods not exceeding one year.

4. Where, by virtue of existing agreements concluded by the Community with third countries, in particular with Greenland, Norway has derived fishing possibilities prior to the date of accession, these will be maintained on the basis of Community principles, including the principle of relative stability.

Section IV Arrangements applicable to trade

Article 53

1. For a period of four years from the date of accession, the following fishery products, namely, salmon, herring, mackerel, shrimps, scallops, Norway lobster, redfish and trout, coming from Norway and for consignment to the other Member States, shall be subject to a trade monitoring system.

2. This system, managed by the Commission, shall stipulate indicative ceilings allowing for unhampered trade up to the ceilings. It will be based on dispatch documents issued by the country of origin. In the event of the ceilings being exceeded or of serious market disturbances, the Commission may take the appropriate measures in accordance with established Community practice. Such measures shall under no circumstances be more stringent than those applied to imports from third countries.

3. The Council acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission shall adopt, before 1 January 1995, the procedure for applying this Article.

CHAPTER 4 External relations including customs union

Article 54

The acts listed in Annex VI to this Act shall apply in respect of Norway under the conditions laid down in that Annex.

Article 55

The basic duty used for the moves towards alignment on the Common Customs Tariff provided for in Article 56 shall, for each product, be the duty actually applied by the Kingdom of Norway on 1 January 1994.

Article 56

The Kingdom of Norway may maintain, for a period of three years after accession, its customs tariff applicable to third countries for the products referred to in Annex VII.

During this period, the Kingdom of Norway shall reduce the difference between its basic duty and the duty in the Common Customs Tariff in accordance with the following timetable:

- on 1 January 1996, each difference between the basic duty and the CCT duty shall be reduced to 75 %;

- on 1 January 1997, each difference between the basic duty and the CCT duty shall be reduced to 40 %.

The Kingdom of Norway shall apply in full the Common Customs Tariff from 1 January 1998.

Article 57

1. As from 1 January 1995, the Kingdom of Norway shall apply:

(a) the Arrangement of 20 December 1973 regarding International Trade in Textiles as amended or extended by the Protocols of 31 July 1986, 31 July 1991, 9 December 1992 and 9 December 1993 or the Agreement on Textiles and Clothing resulting from the Uruguay Round GATT trade negotiations, if the latter is in force at the date of accession;

(b) the bilateral textile agreements and arrangements concluded by the Community with third countries.

2. Protocols to the bilateral agreements and arrangements referred to in paragraph 1 shall be negotiated by the Community with the third countries concerned in order to provide for an appropriate adjustment of the quantitative restrictions on exports of textile and clothing products to the Community.

3. Should the protocols referred to in paragraph 2 not have been concluded by 1 January 1995, the Community shall take measures designed to deal with this situation and concerning the necessary transitional adjustments to ensure that the agreements are implemented by the Community.

Article 58

1. The Kingdom of Norway may open a yearly duty free tariff quota for styrene (CN code 2902 50 00) of 21 000 tonnes until 31 December 1999, provided that the goods in question:

- are released for free circulation in the territory of Norway and are consumed there or undergo processing conferring Community origin there, and

- remain under customs supervision pursuant to the relevant Community provisions on end-use (Council Regulation (EEC) No 2913/92 of 12 October 1992 establishing the Community Customs Code, Articles 21 and 82).

2. The provisions of paragraph 1 shall be applicable only if a licence issued by the relevant Norwegian authorities stating that the goods in question fall within the scope of the provisions contained in paragraph 1 is submitted in support of the declaration of entry for release for free circulation.

3. The Commission and the competent Norwegian authorities shall take whatever measures are needed to ensure that the final consumption of the product in question, or the processing by which it acquires Community origin, takes place in the territory of Norway.

Article 59

1. As from 1 January 1995, the Kingdom of Norway shall apply the provisions of the Agreements referred to in Article 60.

2. Any adjustments shall be the subject of protocols concluded with the co-contracting countries and annexed to those Agreements.

3. Should the protocols referred to in paragraph 2 not have been concluded by 1 January 1995, the Community shall take the necessary measures to deal with that situation on accession.

Article 60

Article 59 shall apply to:

- the Agreements concluded with Andorra, Algeria, Bulgaria, the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic and its successor states (the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic), Cyprus, Egypt, Hungary, Iceland, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Malta, Morocco, Poland, Romania, Slovenia, Switzerland, Syria, Tunisia and Turkey and to other Agreements concluded with third countries and concerning exclusively trade in the products listed in Annex II to the EC Treaty;

- the fourth ACP/EEC Convention, signed on 15 December 1989;

- other similar agreements which might be concluded before accession.

Article 61

With effect from 1 January 1995, the Kingdom of Norway shall withdraw, inter alia, from the Convention establishing the European Free-Trade Association signed on 4 January 1960 and from the Free-Trade Agreements signed with Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania in 1992.

Article 62

If the new trade agreements to be concluded between the Community and Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have not entered into force by the date of accession, the Community shall take the necessary measures to allow on accession the continuation of the prevailing level of access to the Norwegian market, of products originating in those Baltic States.

CHAPTER 5 Financial and budgetary provisions

Article 63

Any reference to the Council Decision on the system of the Communities' own resources shall be understood as referring to the Council Decision of 24 June 1988 as from time to time amended or to any Decision replacing it.

Article 64

The revenue designated as 'Common Customs Tariff duties and other duties` referred to in Article 2 (1) (b) of the Council Decision on the system of the Communities' own resources, or the corresponding provision in any Decision replacing it, shall include the customs duties calculated on the basis of the rates resulting from the Common Customs Tariff and any tariff concession relating thereto applied by the Community in Norway's trade with third countries.

Article 65

Own resources accruing from VAT shall be calculated and checked as though investment tax were not applied. To that end, the Kingdom of Norway shall, upon accession, implement the procedures necessary to ensure that annual revenue derived from VAT and annual revenue derived from investment tax is accurately entered in the accounts.

Article 66

On the first working day of each month the Community shall pay the Kingdom of Norway, as an item of expenditure under the general budget of the European Communities, one twelfth of the following amounts:

- ECU 201 million in 1995,

- ECU 128 million in 1996,

- ECU 52 million in 1997,

- ECU 26 million in 1998.

Article 67

The Kingdom of Norway's share in the financing of the payments still to be made after its accession on commitments contracted under Article 82 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area shall be borne by the general budget of the European Communities.

Article 68

The Kingdom of Norway's share in the financing of the financial mechanism provided for in Article 116 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area shall be borne by the general budget of the European Communities.

TITLE III TRANSITIONAL MEASURES CONCERNING AUSTRIA CHAPTER 1 Free movement of goods Sole section Standards and environment

Article 69

1. During a period of four years from the date of accession, the provisions referred to in Annex VIII, shall, in accordance with that Annex and subject to the conditions set out therein, not apply to Austria.

2. The provisions referred to in paragraph 1 shall be reviewed within that period in accordance with EC procedures.

Without prejudice to the outcome of that review, at the end of the transitional period referred to in paragraph 1, the EC acquis will be applicable to the new Member States under the same conditions as in the present Member States.

CHAPTER 2 Free movement of persons, services and capital

Article 70

Notwithstanding the obligations under the Treaties on which the European Union is founded, the Republic of Austria may maintain its existing legislation regarding secondary residences for five years from the date of accession.

CHAPTER 3 Competition policy

Article 71

1. Without prejudice to paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Article, the Republic of Austria shall progressively adjust as from the date of accession its monopoly of manufactured tobacco of a commercial character within the meaning of Article 37 (1) of the EC Treaty so as to ensure that, at the latest three years from the date of accession, no discrimination regarding the conditions under which goods are procured and marketed exists between nationals of Member States.

2. As regards the products set out in the list in Annex IX, the exclusive import right shall be abolished at latest on expiry of a period of three years from the date of accession. Abolition of that exclusive right shall be carried out by the progressive opening, as from the date of accession, of quotas for the import of products from Member States. At the beginning of each of the three years under consideration, the Republic of Austria shall open a quota calculated on the basis of the following percentages of national consumption: 15 % for the first year, 40 % for the second year, 70 % for the third year. The volumes corresponding to the percentages for the three years are given in the list in Annex IX.

The quotas referred to in the preceding subparagraph shall be open to all operators, without restriction, and products imported under those quotas may not, in the Republic of Austria, be subject to an exclusive marketing right at wholesale trade level; as regards retail sale of products imported under quotas, disposal of such products to consumers must be carried out in a non-discriminatory manner.

3. At the latest one year after its accession, the Republic of Austria shall set up an independent authority with responsibility for granting authorizations for conducting retail trade, in accordance with the EC Treaty.

Article 72

Until 1 January 1996, the Republic of Austria may maintain, in respect of other Member States, the customs duties and licensing arrangements which it applied on the date of its accession to spirituous beverages and undenatured ethyl alcohol of an alcoholic strength by volume of less than 80 % vol falling within heading 22.08 of the HS. Any such licensing arrangements must be applied in a non-discriminatory manner.

CHAPTER 4 External relations including Customs Union

Article 73

The acts listed in Annex VI to this Act shall apply in respect of Austria under the conditions laid down in that Annex.

Article 74

The Republic of Austria may, until 31 December 1996, maintain with respect to the Republic of Hungary, the Republic of Poland, the Slovak Republic, the Czech Republic, Romania and Bulgaria, the import restrictions which it applied on 1 January 1994 in respect of lignite falling under code 27 02 10 00 of the Combined Nomenclature.

The necessary adaptations will be made to the Europe Agreements and, where applicable, to the Interim Agreements concluded with those countries in accordance with Article 76.

Article 75

1. As from 1 January 1995, the Republic of Austria shall apply:

(a) the Arrangement of 20 December 1973 regarding International Trade in Textiles as amended or extended by the Protocols of 31 July 1986, 31 July 1991, 9 December 1992 and 9 December 1993 or the Agreement on Textiles and Clothing resulting from the Uruguay Round GATT trade negotiations, if the latter is in force at the date of accession;

(b) the bilateral textile agreements and arrangements concluded by the Community with third countries.

2. Protocols to the bilateral agreements and arrangements referred to in paragraph 1 shall be negotiated by the Community with the third countries concerned in order to provide for an appropriate adjustment of the quantitative restrictions on exports of textile and clothing products to the Community.

3. Should the protocols referred to in paragraph 2 not have been concluded by 1 January 1995, the Community shall take measures designed to deal with this situation and concerning the necessary transitional adjustments to ensure that the agreements are implemented by the Community.

Article 76

1. As from 1 January 1995, the Republic of Austria shall apply the provisions of the Agreements referred to in Article 77.

2. Any adjustments shall be the subject of protocols concluded with the co-contracting countries and annexed to those Agreements.

3. Should the protocols referred to in paragraph 2 not have been concluded by 1 January 1995, the Community shall take the necessary measures to deal with that situation on accession.

Article 77

Article 76 shall apply to:

- the Agreements concluded with Andorra, Algeria, Bulgaria, the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic and its successor states (the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic), Cyprus, Egypt, Hungary, Iceland, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Malta, Morocco, Poland, Romania, Slovenia, Switzerland, Syria, Tunisia and Turkey and to other Agreements concluded with third countries and concerning exclusively trade in the products listed in Annex II to the EC Treaty;

- the fourth ACP/EEC Convention, signed on 15 December 1989;

- other similar agreements which might be concluded before accession.

Article 78

With effect from 1 January 1995, the Republic of Austria shall withdraw, inter alia, from the Convention establishing the European Free-Trade Association signed on 4 January 1960.

CHAPTER 5 Financial and budgetary provisions

Article 79

Any reference to the Council Decision on the system of the Communities' own resources shall be understood as referring to the Council Decision of 24 June 1988 as from time to time amended or to any Decision replacing it.

Article 80

The revenue designated as 'Common Customs Tariff duties and other duties` referred to in Article 2 (1) (b) of the Council Decision on the system of the Communities' own resources, or the corresponding provision in any Decision replacing it, shall include the customs duties calculated on the basis of the rates resulting from the Common Customs Tariff and any tariff concession relating thereto applied by the Community in Austria's trade with third countries.

Article 81

On the first working day of each month the Community shall pay the Republic of Austria, as an item of expenditure under the general budget of the European Communities, one twelfth of the following amounts:

- ECU 583 million in 1995,

- ECU 106 million in 1996,

- ECU 71 million in 1997,

- ECU 35 million in 1998.

Article 82

The Republic of Austria's share in the financing of the payments still to be made after its accession on commitments contracted under Article 82 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area shall be borne by the general budget of the European Communities.

Article 83

The Republic of Austria's share in the financing of the financial mechanism provided for in Article 116 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area shall be borne by the general budget of the European Communities.

TITLE IV TRANSITIONAL MEASURES CONCERNING FINLAND CHAPTER 1 Free movement of goods Section 1 Standards and environment

Article 84

1. During a period of four years from the date of accession, the provisions referred to in Annex X, shall, in accordance with that Annex and subject to the conditions set out therein, not apply to Finland.

2. The provisions referred to in paragraph 1 shall be reviewed within that period in accordance with EC procedures.

Without prejudice to the outcome of that review, at the end of the transitional period referred to in paragraph 1 the EC acquis will be applicable to the new Member States under the same conditions as in the present Member States.

Section 2 Miscellaneous

Article 85

During a period of three years from the date of accession, the Republic of Finland may continue to apply its present national system for the classification of wood in the rough to the extent that its national legislation and administrative arrangements pertaining thereto do not contravene Community legislation relating to the internal market or trade with third countries, and in particular Article 6 of Directive 68/89/EEC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning the classification of wood in the rough.

During the same period, and in accordance with the procedures laid down in the EC Treaty, Directive 68/89/EEC shall be reviewed.

CHAPTER 2 Free movement of persons, services and capital

Article 86

In derogation from Article 73b of the EC Treaty, the Republic of Finland may apply until 31 December 1995 the provisions of Law No 1612 of 30 December 1992 concerning the acquisition of Finnish undertakings by foreigners.

Article 87

Notwithstanding the obligations under the Treaties on which the European Union is founded, the Republic of Finland may maintain its existing legislation regarding secondary residences for five years from the date of accession.

CHAPTER 3 Fisheries Section I General provisions

Article 88

1. Unless any provision of this chapter stipulates otherwise, the rules laid down by this Act shall apply to the fisheries sector.

2. Articles 148 and 149 shall be applicable to fishery products.

Section II Access to waters and resources

Article 89

Unless any provision of this Chapter stipulates otherwise, the arrangements for access laid down in this section shall apply during a transitional period the end of which shall be marked by the date of implementation of the Community fishing permit system and which will in not in any event be later than the date of expiry of the period laid down in Article 14 (2) of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92 of 20 December 1992 establishing a Community system for fisheries and aquaculture.

Subsection I Finnish vessels

Article 90

For the purposes of their integration into the Community system for fisheries and aquaculture set up by Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, access to the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of the Member States of the Union as at present constituted by fishing vessels flying the flag of Finland and recorded and/or registered in a Finnish port, hereinafter called 'Finnish vessels`, shall be subject to the system laid down in this Subsection.

Article 91

As from the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, Finnish vessels shall be authorized to fish in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of the Member States of the Union as at present constituted, in ICES Division IIId under conditions identical to those applicable immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Article 92

The technical procedures which prove necessary with a view to ensuring the application of Article 91 shall be adopted before 1 January 1995, in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 93

As from the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, Finnish vessels shall be authorized to fish in the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Sweden, under conditions identical to those applicable immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

The detailed rules for implementing this Article shall be adopted before 1 January 1995 under the procedure laid down in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 94

1. The share of Community fishing opportunities for stocks which are regulated by a catch limit, to be allocated to Finland, shall be fixed as follows, by species and by zone:

>TABLE>

2. The shares allocated to Finland shall be set in accordance with Article 8 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, for the first time before 31 December 1994.

3. Until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system and by 31 December 1997 at the latest, in the waters of the Community as at present constituted, covered by Article 91, the levels of fishing activity by Finnish vessels for non-regulated and non-allocated species may not exceed the levels attained immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Subsection II Vessels of the Union as at present constituted

Article 95

As from the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, vessels flying the flag of a Member State of the Union as at present constituted shall be authorized to fish, in the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Finland, under conditions identical to those applicable immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

The detailed rules for applying this Article shall be adopted before 1 January 1995 according to the procedure provided for in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Section III External resources

Article 96

1. As from the date of accession, fisheries agreements concluded by the Republic of Finland with third countries shall be managed by the Community.

2. The rights and obligations resulting for the Republic of Finland from the agreements referred to in paragraph 1 shall not be affected during the period in which the provisions of these agreements are provisionally maintained.

3. As soon as possible, and in any event before the agreements referred to in paragraph 1 expire, appropriate decisions for the continuation of fishing activities resulting therefrom shall be adopted in each case by the Council acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, including the possibility of extending certain agreements for periods not exceeding one year.

CHAPTER 4 External relations including customs union

Article 97

The acts listed in Annex VI to this Act shall apply in respect of Finland under the conditions laid down in that Annex.

Article 98

The basic duty used for the moves towards alignment on the Common Customs Tariff provided for in Article 99 shall, for each product, be the duty actually applied by the Republic of Finland on 1 January 1994.

Article 99

The Republic of Finland may maintain, for a period of three years after accession, its customs tariff applicable to third countries for the products referred to in Annex XI.

During this period, the Republic of Finland shall reduce the difference between its basic duty and the duty in the Common Customs Tariff in accordance with the following timetable:

- on 1 January 1996, each difference between the basic duty and the CCT duty shall be reduced to 75 %;

- on 1 January 1997, each difference between the basic duty and the CCT duty shall be reduced to 40 %;

The Republic of Finland shall apply in full the Common Customs Tariff from 1 January 1998.

Article 100

1. As from 1 January 1995, the Republic of Finland shall apply:

(a) the Arrangement of 20 December 1973 regarding International Trade in Textiles as amended or extended by the Protocols of 31 July 1986, 31 July 1991, 9 December 1992 and 9 December 1993 or the Agreement on Textiles and Clothing resulting from the Uruguay Round GATT trade negotiations, if the latter is in force on the date of accession;

(b) the bilateral textile agreements and arrangements concluded by the Community with third countries.

2. Protocols to the bilateral agreements and arrangements referred to in paragraph 1 shall be negotiated by the Community with the third countries concerned in order to provide for an appropriate adjustment of the quantitative restrictions on exports of textile and clothing products to the Community.

3. Should the protocols referred to in paragraph 2 not have been concluded by 1 January 1995, the Community shall take measures designed to deal with this situation and concerning the necessary transitional adjustments to ensure that the agreements are implemented by the Community.

Article 101

1. The Republic of Finland may open a yearly duty free tariff quota for styrene (CN code 2902 50 00) of 21 000 tonnes until 31 December 1999, provided that the goods in question:

- are released for free circulation in the territory of Finland and are consumed there or undergo processing conferring Community origin there, and

- remain under customs supervision pursuant to the relevant Community provisions on end-use (Council Regulation (EEC) No 2913/92 of 12 October 1992 establishing the Community Customs Code, Articles 21 and 82).

2. The provisions of paragraph 1 shall be applicable only if a licence issued by the relevant Finnish authorities stating that the goods in question fall within the scope of the provisions contained in paragraph 1 is submitted in support of the declaration of entry for release for free circulation.

3. The Commission and the competent Finnish authorities shall take whatever measures are needed to ensure that the final consumption of the product in question, or the processing by which it acquires Community origin, takes place in the territory of Finland.

Article 102

1. As from 1 January 1995, the Republic of Finland shall apply the provisions of the Agreements referred to in Article 103.

2. Any adjustments shall be the subject of protocols concluded with the co-contracting countries and annexed to those Agreements.

3. Should the protocols referred to in paragraph two not have been concluded by 1 January 1995, the Community shall take the necessary measures to deal with that situation on accession.

Article 103

Article 102 shall apply to:

- the Agreements concluded with Andorra, Algeria, Bulgaria, the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic and its successor states (the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic), Cyprus, Egypt, Hungary, Iceland, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Malta, Morocco, Poland, Romania, Slovenia, Switzerland, Syria, Tunisia and Turkey and to other Agreements concluded with third countries and concerning exclusively trade in the products listed in Annex II to the EC Treaty;

- the fourth ACP/EEC Convention, signed on 15 December 1989;

- other similar agreements which might be concluded before accession.

Article 104

With effect from 1 January 1995, the Republic of Finland shall withdraw, inter alia, from the Convention establishing the European Free-Trade Association signed on 4 January 1960 and from the Free-Trade Agreements signed with Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania in 1992.

Article 105

If the new trade agreements to be concluded between the Community and Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have not entered into force by the date of accession, the Community shall take the necesary measures to allow on accession the continuation of the prevailing level of access to the Finnish market of products originating in those Baltic States.

CHAPTER 5 Financial and budgetary provisions

Article 106

Any reference to the Council Decision on the system of the Communities' own resources shall be understood as referring to the Council Decision of 24 June 1988 as from time to time amended or to any Decision replacing it.

Article 107

The revenue designated as 'Common Customs Tariff duties and other duties` referred to in Article 2 (1) (b) of the Council Decision on the system of the Communities' own resources or the corresponding provision in any Decision replacing it, shall include the customs duties calculated on the basis of the rates resulting from the Common Customs Tariff and any tariff concession relating thereto applied by the Community in Finland's trade with third countries.

Article 108

Own resources accruing from VAT shall be calculated and checked as though the Åland Islands were included in the territorial scope of the Sixth Council Directive, 77/388/EEC, of 17 May 1977 on the harmonization of the laws of the Member States relating to turnover taxes - Common system of value added tax: uniform basis of assessment.

Article 109

On the first working day of each month the Community shall pay the Republic of Finland, as an item of expenditure under the general budget of the European Communities, one twelfth of the following amounts:

- ECU 476 million in 1995,

- ECU 163 million in 1996,

- ECU 65 million in 1997,

- ECU 33 million in 1998.

Article 110

The Republic of Finland's share in the financing of the payments still to be made after its accession on commitments contracted under Article 82 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area shall be borne by the general budget of the European Communities.

Article 111

The Republic of Finland's share in the financing of the financial mechanism provided for in Article 116 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area shall be borne by the general budget of the European Communities.

TITLE V TRANSITIONAL MEASURES CONCERNING SWEDEN CHAPTER 1 Free movement of goods Section I Standards and environment

Article 112

1. During a period of four years from the date of accession, the provisions referred to in Annex XII, shall, in accordance with that Annex and subject to the conditions set out therein, not apply to Sweden.

2. The provisions referred to in paragraph 1 shall be reviewed within that period in accordance with EC procedures.

Without prejudice to the outcome of that review, at the end of the transitional period referred to in paragraph 1 the EC acquis will be applicable to the new Member States under the same conditions as in the present Member States.

Section II Miscellaneous

Article 113

During a period of three years from the date of accession, the Kingdom of Sweden may continue to apply its present national system for the classification of wood in the rough to the extent that its national legislation and administrative arrangements pertaining thereto do not contravene Community legislation relating to the internal market or trade with third countries, and in particular Article 6 of Directive 68/89/EEC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning the classification of wood in the rough.

During the same period, and in accordance with the procedures laid down in the EC Treaty, Directive 68/89/EEC shall be reviewed.

CHAPTER 2 Free movement of persons, services and capital

Article 114

Notwithstanding the obligations under the Treaties on which the European Union is founded, the Kingdom of Sweden may maintain its existing legislation regarding secondary residences for five years from the date of accession.

CHAPTER 3 Fisheries Section I General provisions

Article 115

1. Unless any provision of this Chapter stipulates otherwise, the rules laid down by this Act shall apply to the fisheries sector.

2. Articles 148 and 149 shall be applicable to fishery products.

Section II Access to waters and resources

Article 116

Unless any provision of this Chapter stipulates otherwise, the arrangements for access laid down in this Section shall apply during a transitional period the end of which shall be marked by the date of implementation of the Community fishing permit system and which will not in any event be later than the date of expiry of the period laid down in Article 14 (2) of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92 of 20 December 1992 establishing a Community system for fisheries and aquaculture.

Subsection I Swedish vessels

Article 117

For the purposes of their integration into the Community system for fisheries and aquaculture set up by Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, access to the waters under the sovereignty or jurisdiction of the Member States of the Union as at present constituted by fishing vessels flying the flag of Sweden and recorded or registered in a Swedish port, hereinafter called 'Swedish vessels`, shall be subject to the regime laid down in this Subsection.

Article 118

As from the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, Swedish vessels shall be authorized to fish in waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of the Member States of the Union as at present constituted, in ICES Divisions III and IV, under conditions identical to those applicable immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty and laid down by the relevant provisions of Regulation (EC) No 3682/93.

Article 119

The technical procedures which prove necessary with a view to ensuring the application of Article 118 shall be adopted before 1 January 1995, in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 120

As from the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, Swedish vessels shall be authorized to fish in the waters falling under the sovereignty or within the jurisdiction of Finland and Norway in ICES Divisions III and IV under conditions identical to those applicable immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

The detailed rules for applying this Article shall be adopted before 1 January 1995 according to the procedure provided for in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Article 121

1. The share of Community fishing opportunities for stocks which are regulated by a catch limit, to be allocated to Sweden shall be fixed as follows, by species and by zone:

>TABLE>

2. The shares allocated to Sweden shall be set in accordance with Article 8 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, for the first time before 31 December 1994.

3. The shares allocated to Sweden of species not subject to limits on rate of exploitation in the form of catch limits, or subject to TACs, but not allocated in quotas between Member States of the Union as at present constituted, shall be set on a flat-rate basis as follows, by species and by zone:

>TABLE>

4. Until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system and by 31 December 1997 at the latest, in the Community waters, covered by Article 117, the levels of fishing activity by Swedish vessels for non-regulated and non-allocated species may not exceed the levels attained immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Article 122

1. Except where otherwise specified in this Act, the conditions under which the allocations made in Article 121 can be fished will remain identical to those applicable immediately prior to the entry in force of the Accession Treaty.

2. These conditions shall be fixed for the first time before 1 January 1995, in accordance with Article 8 (4) of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Subsection II Vessels of the Union as at present constituted

Article 123

As from the date of accession and until the date of application of the Community fishing permit system, vessels flying the flag of a Member State of the Union as at present constituted shall be authorized to fish, in the waters falling within the sovereignty or under the jurisdiction of Sweden, in ICES Divisions III a, b and d under conditions identical to those applicable immediately before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

The detailed rules for applying this Article shall be adopted before 1 January 1995 according to the procedure provided for in Article 18 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

Section III External resources

Article 124

1. As from the date of accession, fisheries agreements concluded by the Kingdom of Sweden with third countries shall be managed by the Community.

2. The rights and obligations resulting for the Kingdom of Sweden from the agreements referred to in paragraph 1 shall not be affected during the period in which the provisions of these agreements are provisionally maintained.

3. As soon as possible, and in any event before the expiry of the agreements referred to in paragraph 1, appropriate decisions for the continuation of fishing activities resulting therefrom shall be adopted in each case by the Council acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, including the possibility of extending certain agreements for periods not exceeding one year.

Article 125

For a period of no longer than three years from the date of accession, the Council, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, shall fix annually the amount of the Union's financial contribution to the release of smolt carried out by the competent Swedish authorities.

This financial compensation will be assessed in the light of the balances existing immediately before accession.

CHAPTER 4 External relations including Customs Union

Article 126

The acts listed in Annex VI to this Act shall apply in respect of Sweden under the conditions laid down in that Annex.

Article 127

1. As from 1 January 1995, the Kingdom of Sweden shall apply:

(a) the Arrangement of 20 December 1973 regarding International Trade in Textiles as amended or extended by the Protocols of 31 July 1986, 31 July 1991, 9 December 1992 and 9 December 1993 or the Agreement on Textiles and Clothing resulting from the Uruguay Round GATT trade negotiations, if the latter is in force at the date of accession;

(b) the bilateral textile agreements and arrangements concluded by the Community with third countries.

2. Protocols to the bilateral agreements and arrangements referred to in paragraph 1 shall be negotiated by the Community with the third countries concerned in order to provide for an appropriate adjustment of the quantitative limits on imports of textile and clothing products into the Community in a way which takes into account the existing trade patterns between Sweden and its supplier countries.

3. Should the protocols referred to in paragraph 2 not have been concluded by 1 January 1995, the Community shall take measures designed to deal with this situation and concerning the necessary transitional adjustments to ensure that the agreements are implemented by the Community.

Article 128

1. As from 1 January 1995, the Kingdom of Sweden shall apply the provisions of the Agreements referred to in Article 129.

2. Any adjustments shall be the subject of protocols concluded with the co-contracting countries and annexed to those Agreements.

3. Should the protocols referred to in paragraph two not have been concluded by 1 January 1995, the Community shall take the necessary measures to deal with that situation on accession.

Article 129

Article 128 shall apply to:

- the Agreements concluded with Andorra, Algeria, Bulgaria, the former Czech and Slovak Federal Republic and its successor states (the Czech Republic and the Slovak Republic), Cyprus, Egypt, Hungary, Iceland, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon, Malta, Morocco, Poland, Romania, Slovenia, Switzerland, Syria, Tunisia and Turkey and to other Agreements concluded with third countries and concerning exclusively trade in the products listed in Annex II to the EC Treaty;

- the fourth ACP/EEC Convention, signed on 15 December 1989;

- other similar agreements which might be concluded before accession.

Article 130

With effect from 1 January 1995, the Kingdom of Sweden shall withdraw, inter alia, from the Convention establishing the European Free-Trade Association signed on 4 January 1960 and from the Free-Trade Agreements signed with Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania in 1992.

Article 131

If the new trade agreements to be concluded between the Community and Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania have not entered into force by the date of accession, the Community shall take the necesary measures to allow on accession the continuation of the prevailing level of access to the Swedish market of products originating in those Baltic States.

CHAPTER 5 Financial and budgetary provisions

Article 132

Any reference to the Council Decision on the system of the Communities' own resources shall be understood as referring to the Council Decision of 24 June 1988 as from time to time amended or to any Decision replacing it.

Article 133

The revenue designated as 'Common Customs Tariff duties and other duties` referred to in Article 2 (1) (b) of the Council Decision on the system of the Communities'own resources, or the corresponding provision in any Decision replacing it, shall include the customs duties calculated on the basis of the rates resulting from the Common Customs Tariff and any tariff concession relating thereto applied by the Community in Sweden's trade with third countries.

Article 134

On the first working day of each month the Community shall pay the Kingdom of Sweden, as an item of expenditure under the general budget of the European Communities, one twelfth of the following amounts:

- ECU 488 million in 1995,

- ECU 432 million in 1996,

- ECU 76 million in 1997,

- ECU 31 million in 1998.

Article 135

The Kingdom of Sweden's share in the financing of the payments still to be made after its accession on commitments contracted under Article 82 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area shall be borne by the general budget of the European Communities.

Article 136

The Kingdom of Sweden's share in the financing of the financial mechanism provided for in Article 116 of the Agreement on the European Economic Area shall be borne by the general budget of the European Communities.

TITLE VI AGRICULTURE

Article 137

1. This Title concerns agricultural products with the exception of products falling within Regulation (EEC) No 3759/92 on the common organization of the market in fishery and aquaculture products.

2. Except where this Act provides otherwise:

- trade by the new Member States between themselves, with third countries or with the present Member States shall be subject to the regime applicable to the latter Member States. The regime applicable in the Community as at present constituted with regard to import duties and charges having equivalent effect, quantitative restrictions and measures having equivalent effect shall be applicable to the new Member States;

- the rights and obligations resulting from the common agricultural policy shall be applicable in full in the new Member States.

3. Subject to the special provisions of this title with regard to different dates or time limits, transitional measures for the agricultural products referred to in paragraph 1 shall cease to apply by the end of the fifth year following the accession of Austria, Finland and Norway. These measures shall nevertheless take full account, for each product, of the total production during the year 1999.

CHAPTER 1 Provisions concerning national aids

Article 138

1. During the transitional period, subject to authorization by the Commission, Norway, Austria and Finland may grant, in an appropriate form, transitional and degressive national aids to producers of basic agricultural products subject to the common agricultural policy.

These aids may be the subject of differentiation in particular by region.

2. The Commission shall authorize the aids provided for in paragraph 1:

- in all cases where the factors introduced by a new Member State show that significant differences exist between the level of support granted by product to its producers before accession and that which may be granted under the common agricultural policy;

- up to an initial amount equal, at most, to this difference.

Initial differences of less than 10 % shall not be deemed significant.

However, the Commission's authorizations:

- shall be granted in conformity with the international commitments of the enlarged Community;

- shall, as far as pigmeat, eggs and poultry are concerned, take account of the price alignment of feed;

- shall not be granted for tobacco.

3. The amount of support provided for in paragraph 2 shall be calculated by basic agricultural product. This calculation shall take into consideration in particular the support measures of prices by intervention mechanisms or by other mechanisms as well as the grant of aids linked to surface area, to prices, to the quantity produced or to the production unit, and the grant of aids to holdings for specific products.

4. Authorizations by the Commission shall:

- define the maximum initial level of the aids, the rate at which they decrease and, where appropriate, the conditions for the granting thereof, taking account also of other aids resulting from Community legislation which are not covered by this Article;

- be granted subject to any adjustments which may be rendered necessary:

- by developments in the common agricultural policy;

- by developments in the level of prices in the Community.

Should such adjustments prove necessary, the amount of the aids or the conditions for the granting thereof shall be amended at the Commission's request or on the basis of a decision by the Commission.

5. Without prejudice to the provisions of paragraphs 1 to 4, the Commission shall authorize, under paragraph 1, in particular, the national aids provided for in Annex XIII, up to the limits and under the conditions provided for in the said Annex.

Article 139

1. The Commission shall authorize Austria, Finland and Norway to maintain aids which are not linked to a particular production and which, for this reason, are not taken into consideration for the purpose of calculating the amount of support under Article 138 (3). In particular, aids to holdings shall be authorized under this heading.

2. The aids provided for in paragraph 1 shall be subject to the provisions of Article 138 (4).

Aids of the same kind provided for by the common agricultural policy or compatible with Community legislation shall be deducted from the amounts thereof.

3. Aids authorized under this Article shall be abolished at the latest at the end of the transitional period.

4. Paragraph 1 shall not apply to aids to investment.

Article 140

The Commission shall authorize Austria, Finland and Norway to grant the transitional national aids provided for in Annex XIV up to the limits and under the conditions provided for therein. In its authorization, the Commission shall lay down the initial level of the aids, to the extent that it does not result from the conditions provided for by the Annex, and the rate at which they decrease.

Article 141

Where there are serious difficulties resulting from accession which remain after full utilization of the provisions of Articles 138, 139, 140 and 142, and of the other measures resulting from the rules existing in the Community, the Commission may authorize Finland and Norway to grant national aids to producers so as to facilitate their full integration into the common agricultural policy.

Article 142

1. The Commission shall authorize Norway, Finland and Sweden to grant long-term national aids with a view to ensuring that agricultural activity is maintained in specific regions. These regions should cover the agricultural areas situated to the north of the 62nd Parallel and some adjacent areas south of that parallel affected by comparable climatic conditions rendering agricultural activity particularly difficult.

2. The regions referred to in paragraph 1 shall be determined by the Commission, taking into consideration in particular:

- the low population density;

- the portion of agricultural land in the overall surface area;

- the portion of agricultural land devoted to arable crops intended for human consumption, in the agricultural surface area used.

3. The aids provided for in paragraph 1 may be related to physical factors of production, such as hectares of agricultural land or heads of animal taking account of the relevant limits laid down in the common organizations of the market, as well as the historical production patterns of each farm, but must not:

- be linked to future production;

- or lead to an increase in production or in the level of overall support recorded during a pre-accession reference period to be determined by the Commission.

The aids may be differentiated by region.

These aids must be granted in particular in order to:

- maintain traditional primary production and processing naturally suited to the climatic conditions of the regions concerned;

- improve the structures for the production, marketing and processing of agricultural products;

- facilitate the disposal of the said products;

- ensure that the environment is protected and the countryside preserved.

Article 143

1. The aids provided for in Articles 138 to 142 and any other national aid subject to Commission authorization under this Act shall be notified to the Commission. They may not be applied until such authorization has been given.

Communication of existing or envisaged aid measures by the new Member States prior to accession shall be deemed to constitute notification on the date of accession.

2. As regards the aids provided for in Article 142, the Commission shall submit to the Council one year after accession and subsequently every five years a report on:

- the authorizations granted;

- the results of the aid granted under such authorizations.

In preparation for drawing up such reports, Member States in receipt of such authorizations shall supply the Commission in good time with information on the effects of the aids granted, illustrating the development noted in the agricultural economy of the regions in question.

Article 144

In the field of the aids provided for in Articles 92 and 93 of the EC Treaty:

(a) among the aids applied in the new Member States prior to accession only those communicated to the Commission by 30 April 1995 will be deemed to be 'existing` aids within the meaning of Article 93 (1) of the EC Treaty;

(b) existing aids and plans intended to grant or alter aids, communicated to the Commission prior to accession, shall be deemed to have been notified on the date of accession.

CHAPTER 2 Other provisions

Article 145

1. Public stocks held on 1 January 1995 by the new Member States on account of their market-support policy shall be borne by the Community at the value resulting from application of Article 8 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 1883/78 laying down general rules for the financing of interventions by the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund, Guidance Section.

2. Any stock of products in free circulation within the territory of the new Member States on 1 January 1995 and exceeding the quantity which could be regarded as constituting a normal carryover of stock must be eliminated by these Member States at their cost under Community procedures to be specified and within deadlines to be determined in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 149 (1). The concept of normal carryover stock shall be defined for each product on the basis of criteria and objectives particular to each common market organization.

3. The stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding the normal carryover of stock.

Article 146

The Kingdom of Norway is required to ensure that from 1 January 1995 all statutory and contractual provisions which give a monopoly to the Norwegian Grain Corporation (Statens Kornforretning) or any successor organization in relation to the import, export or the buying and selling of agricultural products shall be abolished.

However, Article 85 of the EC Treaty shall be applicable only as from 1 January 1997 to agreements, decisions and concerted practices implemented by the Norwegian Grain Corporation insofar as:

- they have objectives other than those stated in the first subparagraph;

- they do not involve fixing of prices, sharing of markets or control of production.

Article 147

In the agricultural sector where trade between one or more new Member States and the Community as constituted on 31 December 1994, or trade between the new Member States themselves, causes serious disturbances on the market of Austria, Finland or Norway before 1 January 2000, the Commission acting at the request of the Member State concerned, shall decide, within 24 hours of receiving such a request, on such protective measures as it considers necessary. The measures thus decided on shall be applicable forthwith, shall take account of the interest of all parties concerned and shall not entail frontier controls.

Article 148

1. Unless otherwise stipulated in specific cases, the Council, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the necessary provisions to implement this Title.

2. The Council, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Parliament, may make the adaptations to the provisions appearing in this Title which may prove necessary as a result of a modification in Community rules.

Article 149

1. If transitional measures are necessary to facilitate the transition from the existing regime in the new Member States to that resulting from application of the common organization of the markets under the conditions set out in this Title, such measures shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 38 of Regulation No 136/66/EEC or, as appropriate, in the corresponding Articles of the other Regulations on the common organization of agricultural markets. These measures may be taken during a period expiring on 31 December 1997 and their application shall be limited to that date.

2. The Council, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Parliament, may extend the period referred to in paragraph 1.

Article 150

1. The transitional measures relating to implementation of the instruments concerning the common agricultural policy not specified in this Act, including in the field of structures, which are required as a result of accession shall be adopted prior to accession in accordance with the procedure laid down in paragraph 3 and shall enter into force on the date of accession at the earliest.

2. The transitional measures referred to in paragraph 1 shall include in particular adaptations to instruments making provision for present Member States for co-financing of certain actions in the field of statistics and control of expenditure.

They may also stipulate that, under certain conditions, national aid corresponding at most to the difference between the price recorded in a new Member State prior to accession and that resulting from application of this Act may be granted to private operators, whether natural or legal persons, holding stocks of products referred to in Article 138 (1) or resulting from processing thereof on 1 January 1995.

3. The Council, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, shall adopt the transitional measures referred to in paragaphs 1 and 2. Nevertheless, the measures affecting instruments initially adopted by the Commission will be adopted by this institution following the procedure referred to in Article 149 (1).

TITLE VII OTHER PROVISIONS

Article 151

1. The Acts listed in Annex XV to this Act shall apply in respect of the new Member States under the conditions laid down in that Annex.

2. At the duly substantiated request of one of the new Member States, the Council, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission, may, before 1 January 1995, take measures consisting of temporary derogations from acts of the institutions adopted between 1 January 1994 and the date of signature of the Accession Treaty.

Article 152

1. If, before 1 January 1996, difficulties arise which are serious and liable to persist in any sector of the economy or which could bring about serious deterioration in the economic situation of a given area, a new Member State may apply for authorization to take protective measures in order to rectify the situation and adjust the sector concerned to the economy of the common market.

In the same circumstances, any present Member State may apply for authorization to take protective measures with regard to one or more of the new Member States.

2. Upon request by the State concerned, the Commission shall, by emergency procedure, determine the protective measures which it considers necessary, specifying the conditions and modalities in which they are to be put into effect.

In the event of serious economic difficulties and at the express request of the Member State concerned, the Commission shall act within five working days of the receipt of the request accompanied by the relevant background information. The measures thus decided on shall be applicable forthwith, shall take account of the interest of all parties concerned and shall not entail frontier controls.

3. The measures authorized under paragraph 2 may involve derogations from the rules of the EC Treaty, the ECSC Treaty and this Act to such an extent and for such periods as are strictly necessary in order to attain the objectives referred to in paragraph 1. Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of the common market.

Article 153

In order not to hamper the proper functioning of the internal market, the enforcement of the new Member States' national rules during the transitional periods referred to in this Act shall not lead to border controls between Member States.

PART FIVE PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS ACT TITLE I SETTING UP OF THE INSTITUTIONS AND BODIES

Article 154

The European Parliament shall meet no later than one month after accession. It shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession.

Article 155

The Council shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession.

Article 156

1. Upon accession, the Commission shall be enlarged by the appointment of four supplementary members. The term of office of the members appointed shall expire at the same time as that of the members holding office on the date of accession.

2. The Commission shall make such changes to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession.

Article 157

1. Upon accession, four judges shall be appointed to the Court of Justice and four judges shall be appointed to the Court of First Instance.

2. (a) The term of office of two of the judges of the Court of Justice appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 6 October 1997. Those judges shall be chosen by lot. The term of office of the other judges shall expire on 6 October 2000.

(b) The term of office of two of the judges of the Court of First Instance appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 31 August 1995. Those judges shall be chosen by lot. The term of office of the other judges shall expire on 31 August 1998.

3. Upon accession, a seventh and an eighth advocate-general shall be appointed.

4. The term of office of one of the advocates-general appointed in accordance with paragraph 3 shall expire on 6 October 1997. The term of office of the other advocate-general shall expire on 6 October 2000.

5. (a) The Court of Justice shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession.

(b) The Court of First Instance, in agreement with the Court of Justice, shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession.

(c) The Rules of Procedure as adapted shall require the unanimous approval of the Council.

6. For the purpose of judging cases pending before the Courts on 1 January 1995 in respect of which oral proceedings have started before that date, the full Courts or the Chambers shall be composed as before accession and shall apply the Rules of Procedure in force on 31 December 1994.

Article 158

Upon accession, the Court of Auditors shall be enlarged by the appointment of four additional members. The term of office of two of the members thus appointed shall expire on 20 December 1995. Those members shall be chosen by lot. The term of office of the other members shall expire on 9 February 2000.

Article 159

Upon accession, the Economic and Social Committee shall be enlarged by the appointment of 42 members representing the various categories of economic and social activity in the new Member States. The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession.

Article 160

Upon accession, the Committee of the Regions shall be enlarged by the appointment of 42 members representing regional and local bodies in the new Member States. The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession.

Article 161

Upon accession, the Consultative Committee of the European Coal and Steel Community shall be enlarged by the appointment of fifteen additional members. Four members shall be appointed each for Austria, Finland and Sweden, and three members shall be appointed for Norway. The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession.

Article 162

Upon accession, the Scientific and Technical Committee shall be enlarged by the appointment of six additional members. Two members shall be appointed each for Austria and Sweden, and one member each for Finland and Norway. The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession.

Article 163

Upon accession, the Monetary Committee shall be enlarged by the appointment of two members for each of the new Member States. Their terms of office shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession.

Article 164

Adaptations to the rules of the Committees established by the original Treaties and to their rules of procedure, necessitated by the accession, shall be made as soon as possible after accession.

Article 165

1. The terms of office of the new members of the Committees listed in Annex XVI shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession.

2. Upon accession, the membership of the Committees listed in Annex XVII shall be completely renewed.

TITLE II APPLICABILITY OF THE ACTS OF THE INSTITUTIONS

Article 166

Upon accession, the new Member States shall be considered as being addressees of directives and decisions within the meaning of Article 189 of the EC Treaty and of Article 161 of the Euratom Treaty, and of recommendations and decisions within the meaning of Article 14 of the ECSC Treaty, provided that those directives, recommendations and decisions have been addressed to all the present Member States. Except with regard to directives and decisions which enter into force pursuant to Article 191 (1) and 191 (2) of the EC Treaty, the new Member States shall be considered as having received notification of such directives, recommendations and decisions upon accession.

Article 167

The application in each of the new Member States of the acts listed in Annex XVIII to this Act may be postponed until the dates specified in that list and under the conditions specified therein.

Article 168

The new Member States shall put into effect the measures necessary for them to comply, from the date of accession, with the provisions of directives and decisions within the meaning of Article 189 of the EC Treaty and of Article 161 of the Euratom Treaty, and with recommendations and decisions within the meaning of Article 14 of the ECSC Treaty, unless a time-limit is provided for in the list of Annex XIX or in any other provisions of this Act.

Article 169

1. Where acts of the institutions prior to accession require adaptation by reason of accession, and the necessary adaptations have not been provided for in this Act or its Annexes, those adaptations shall be made in accordance with the procedure laid down by paragraph 2. Those adaptations shall enter into force as from accession.

2. The Council, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, or the Commission, according to which of these two institutions adopted the original acts, shall to this end draw up the necessary texts.

Article 170

The texts of the acts of the institutions adopted before accession and drawn up by the Council or the Commission in the Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish languages shall, from the date of accession, be authentic under the same conditions as the texts drawn up in the present nine languages. They shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Communities if the texts in the present languages were so published.

Article 171

Agreements, decisions and concerted practices in existence at the time of accession which come within the scope of Article 65 of the ECSC Treaty by reason of the accession must be notified to the Commission within three months of accession. Only agreements and decisions which have been notified shall remain provisionally in force until a decision has been taken by the Commission. However, this Article shall not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Articles 1 and 2 of Protocol 25 to the EEA Agreement.

Article 172

1. From the date of accession, the new Member States shall ensure that any relevant notification or information transmitted to the EFTA Surveillance Authority or to the Standing Committee of the EFTA States under the EEA Agreement before accession is transmitted without delay to the Commission. Such transmission shall be deemed to be notification or information to the Commission for the purposes of the corresponding Community provisions.

2. From the date of accession, the new Member States shall ensure that cases which are pending before the EFTA Surveillance Authority immediately prior to accession under Articles 53, 54, 57, 61 and 62 or 65 of the EEA Agreement or Articles 1 or 2 of Protocol 25 to that Agreement and which fall under the Commission's competence as a result of accession, including cases in which the facts came to an end before the date of accession, are transmitted without delay to the Commission, which shall continue to deal with them under the relevant Community provisions while ensuring that the right of defence continues to be observed.

3. Cases which are pending before the Commission under Articles 53 or 54 of the EEA Agreement or Articles 1 or 2 of Protocol 25 to that Agreement and which fall under Articles 85 or 86 of the EC Treaty or Articles 65 or 66 of the ECSC Treaty as a result of accession, including cases in which the facts came to an end before the date of accession, shall continue to be dealt with by the Commission under the relevant Community provisions.

4. Any individual exemption decisions taken and negative clearance decisions taken before the date of accession under Article 53 of the EEA Agreement or Article 1 of Protocol 25 to that Agreement, whether by the EFTA Surveillance Authority or the Commission, and which concern cases which fall under Article 85 of the EC Treaty or Article 65 of the ECSC Treaty as a result of accession shall, on accession, remain valid for the purposes of Article 85 of the EC Treaty or, as the case may be, Article 65 of the ECSC Treaty until the time limit specified therein expires or until the Commission takes a duly motivated decision to the contrary, in accordance with the basic priciples of Community law.

5. All decisions taken by the EFTA Surveillance Authority before the date of accession pursuant to Article 61 of the EEA Agreement and which fall under Article 92 of the EC Treaty as a result of accession shall, on accession, remain valid with respect to Article 92 of the EC Treaty unless the Commission decides otherwise pursuant to Article 93 of the EC Treaty. This paragraph shall not apply to decisions subject to the proceedings provided for in Article 64 of the EEA Agreement. Without prejudice to paragraph 2 above, state aids granted by new Member States during 1994 but which, in contravention of the EEA Agreement or arrangements made thereunder, either have not been notified to the EFTA Surveillance Authority or have been notified but granted before the EFTA Surveillance Authority took a decision, shall not as a consequence be considered as existing state aids under Article 93 (1) of the EC Treaty.

6. From the date of accession, the new Member States shall ensure that all other cases, where the EFTA Surveillance Authority has been seized in the framework of the surveillance procedure under the EEA Agreement before accession, are transmitted without delay to the Commission which shall continue to deal with them under the relevant Community provisions while ensuring that the right of defence continues to be observed.

7. Without prejudice to paragraphs 4 and 5, the decisions taken by the EFTA Surveillance Authority remain valid after accession unless the Commission takes a duly motivated decision to the contrary in accordance with the basic principles of Community law.

Article 173

Provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action designed to ensure the protection of the health of workers and the general public in the territory of the Member States against the dangers arising from ionizing radiations shall, in accordance with Article 33 of the Euratom Treaty, be communicated by those States to the Commission within three months of accession.

TITLE III FINAL PROVISIONS

Article 174

Annexes I to XIX and Protocols 1 to 10 attached to this Act shall form an integral part thereof.

Article 175

The Government of the French Republic shall remit to the Governments of the new Member States a certified copy of the Treaty establishing the European Coal and Steel Community and those Treaties amending that Treaty, which are deposited with the Government of the French Republic.

Article 176

The Government of the Italian Republic shall remit to the Governments of the new Member States a certified copy of the Treaty establishing the European Community, the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community and the Treaties amending or supplementing them, including the Treaties concerning the accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, of the Hellenic Republic and of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic to the European Economic Community and the European Atomic Energy Community, and the Treaty on European Union, in the Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Irish, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish languages.

The texts of those Treaties, drawn up in the Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish languages, shall be annexed to this Act. Those texts shall be authentic under the same conditions as the texts of the Treaties referred to in the first paragraph, drawn up in the present languages.

Article 177

A certified copy of the international agreements deposited in the archives of the General Secretariat of the Council of the European Union shall be remitted to the Governments of the new Member States by the Secretary-General.

(1) The Skagerrak is defined as the area bounded on the west by a line drawn from the Hanstholm lighthouse to the Lindesnes lighthouse and on the south by a line drawn from the Skagen lighthouse to the Tistlarna lighthouse and from this point to the nearest point on the Swedish coast.

ANNEX I

List referred to in Article 29 of the Act of Accession

I. EXTERNAL RELATIONS

1. 370 L 0509: Council Directive 70/509/EEC of 27 October 1970 on the adoption of a common credit insurance policy for medium and long-term transactions with public buyers (OJ No L 254, 23.11.1970, p. 1) as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex A the following is added to the footnote of the first page:

'>TABLE>

`.

2. 393 R 3030: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3030/93 of 12 October 1993 on common rules for imports of certain textile products from third countries (OJ No L 275, 8.11.1993, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 R 3617: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3617/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 328, 29.12.1993, p. 22),

- 394 R 0195: Commission Regulation (EC) No 195/94 of 12 January 1994 (OJ No L 29, 2.2.1994, p. 1).

The second indent of Article 28 (6) of Annex III is replaced by the following:

'- two letters identifying the Member State of intended destination as follows:

AT = Austria

BL = Benelux

DE = Germany

DK = Denmark

EL = Greece

ES = Spain

FI = Finland

FR = France

GB = United Kingdom

IE = Ireland

IT = Italy

NO = Norway

PT = Portugal

SE = Sweden`.

3. 370 L 0510: Council Directive 70/510/EEC of 27 October 1970 on the adoption of a common credit insurance policy for medium- and long-term transactions with private buyers (OJ No L 254, 23.11.1970, p. 26), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex A, the following is added to the footnote on the first page:

'>TABLE>

`.

4. 373 D 0391: Council Decision 73/391/EEC of 3 December 1973 on consultation and information procedures in matters of credit insurance, credit guarantees and financial credit (OJ No L 346, 17.12.1973, p. 1) as amended by:

- 376 D 0641: Council Decision 76/641/EEC of 27 July 1976 (OJ No L 223, 16.8.1976, p. 25),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Articles 3 (2) and 10 (2) of the Annex, 'six` is replaced by 'eight`.

5. Council Decision of 4 April 1978 on the application of certain guidelines in the field of officially supported export credits (not published), as extended lastly by:

- 393 D 0112: Council Decision 93/112/EEC of 14 December 1992 (OJ No L 44, 22.2.1993, p. 1).

In Annex I 'List of participants`, Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden are deleted from the list of third countries and included in the footnote listing the Member States of the Community.

II. CAPITAL MOVEMENTS AND ECONOMIC AND MONETARY POLICY

1. 358 X 0301 P 0390: Council Decision of 18 March 1958 on the rules governing the Monetary Committee (OJ No 17, 6.10.1958, p. 390/58), as amended by:

- 362 D 0405 P 1064: Council Decision 62/405/ EEC of 2 April 1962 (OJ No 32, 30.4.1962, p. 1064/62),

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of Accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 372 D 0377: Council Decision 72/377/EEC of 30 October 1972 (OJ No L 257, 15.11.1972, p. 20).

- 376 D 0332: Council Decision 76/332/EEC of 25 March 1976 (OJ No L 84, 31.3.1976, p. 56),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) In Article 7, 'fourteen` is replaced by 'eighteen`;

(b) in the first paragraph of Article 10, 'fourteen` is replaced by 'eighteen`.

2. 388 R 1969: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1969/88 of 24 June 1988 establishing a single facility providing medium-term financial assistance for Member States' balances of payments (OJ No L 178, 8.7.1988, p. 1).

The Annex is replaced by the following:

'ANNEX

The ceilings for outstanding loans provided for in Article 1 (3) shall be as follows:

>TABLE>

`

III. COMPETITION

A. ENABLING REGULATIONS

1. 365 R 0019: Council Regulation No 19/65/EEC of 2 March 1965 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of agreements and concerted practices (OJ No 36, 6.3.1965, p. 533/65), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Article 4:

- the following subparagraph is added to paragraph 1:

'The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs shall apply in the same way in the case of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden.`

- paragraph 2 is supplemented by the following subparagraph:

'Paragraph 1 shall not apply to agreements and concerted practices to which Article 85 (1) of the Treaty applies by virtue of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which must be notified within six months of accession, in accordance with Articles 5 and 25 of Regulation No 17, unless they have been so notified within that period. The present paragraph shall not apply to agreements and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

2. 371 R 2821: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2821/71 of 20 December 1971 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of agreements, decisions and concerted practices (OJ No L 285, 29.12.1971, p. 46), as amended by:

- 372 R 2743: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2743/72 of 19 December 1972 (OJ No L 291, 28.12.1972, p. 144),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Article 4:

- paragraph 1 is supplemented by the following subparagraph:

'The provisions of the preceding subparagraphs shall apply in the same way in the case of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden.`

- paragraph 2 is supplemented by the following subparagraph:

'Paragraph 1 shall not apply to agreements and concerted practices to which Article 85 (1) of the Treaty applies by virtue of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which must be notified within six months of accession, in accordance with Articles 5 and 25 of Regulation No 17, unless they have been so notified within that period. The present paragraph shall not apply to agreements and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

3. 387 R 3976: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3976/87 of 14 December 1987 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of agreements and concerted practices in the air transport sector (OJ No 374, 31.12.1987, p. 9), as amended by:

- 390 R 2344: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2344/90 of 24 July 1990 (OJ No L 217, 11.8.1990, p. 15),

- 392 R 2411: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2411/92 of 23 July 1992 (OJ No L 240, 24.8.1992, p. 19).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 4a

A Regulation pursuant to Article 2 may stipulate that the prohibition contained in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply, for such period as fixed by that Regulation, to agreements, decisions and concerted practices already in existence at the date of accession to which Article 85 (1) applies by virtue of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which do not satisfy the conditions of Article 85 (3). However, this Article shall not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`.

4. 392 R 0479: Council Regulation (EEC) No 479/92 of 25 February 1992 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of agreements, decisions and concerted practices between liner companies (consortia) (OJ No L 55, 29.2.1992, p. 3).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 3a

A Regulation pursuant to Article 1 may stipulate that the prohibition contained in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply, for such period as fixed by that Regulation, to agreements, decisions and concerted practices already in existence at the date of accession to which Article 85 (1) applies by virtue of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which do not satisfy the conditions of Article 85 (3). However, this Article shall not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`.

B. PROCEDURAL REGULATIONS

1. 362 R 0017: First Council Regulation No 17 of 6 February 1962 implementing Articles 85 and 86 of the Treaty (OJ No 13, 21.2.1962, p. 204/62), as amended by:

- 362 R 0059: Council Regulation No 59 of 3 July 1962 (OJ No 58, 10.7.1962, p. 1655/62),

- 363 R 0118: Council Regulation No 118/63/EEC of 5 November 1963 (OJ No 162, 7.11.1963, p. 2696/63),

- 371 R 2822: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2822/71 of 20 December 1971 (OJ No 285, 29.12.1971, p. 49),

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following paragraph is added to Article 25:

'6. The provisions of paragraphs 1 to 4 still apply in the same way in the case of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden. However, they do not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 of the EEA Agreement.`

2. 368 R 1017: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1017/68 of 19 July 1968 applying rules of competition to transport by rail, road and inland waterway (OJ No L 175, 23.7.1968, p. 1), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 292, 19.11.1979, p. 17).

In Article 30:

- paragraph 3 is supplemented by the following subparagraph:

'The prohibition in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which were in existence at the date of accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which, by reason of that accession, fall within the scope of Article 85 (1) if, within six months from the date of accession, they are so amended that they comply with the conditions laid down in Articles 4 and 5 of this Regulation. This subparagraph does not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`.

3. 386 R 4056: Council Regulation (EEC) No 4056/86 of 22 December 1986 laying down detailed rules for the application of Articles 85 and 86 of the Treaty to maritime transport (OJ No L 378, 31.12.1986, p. 4).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 26a

The prohibition in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which were in existence at the date of accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which, by reason of that accession, fall within the scope of Article 85 (1) if, within six months from the date of accession, they are so amended that they comply with the conditions laid down in Articles 3 to 6 of this Regulation. However, this Article shall not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`.

4. 389 R 4064: Council Regulation (EEC) No 4064/89 of 21 December 1989 on the control of concentrations between undertakings (OJ No L 395, 30.12.1989, p. 1), as corrected by OJ No L 257, 21.9.1990, p. 13.

The following paragraph is added to Article 25:

'3. As regards concentrations to which this Regulation applies by virtue of accession, the date of accession shall be substituted for the date of entry into force of this Regulation. The provision of paragraph 2, second alternative, applies in the same way to proceedings initiated by a competition authority of the new Member States or by the EFTA Surveillance Authority.`

C. IMPLEMENTING REGULATIONS

1. 362 R 0027: Commission Regulation No 27 of 3 May 1962: First Regulation implementing Council Regulation No 17 of 6 February 1962 (OJ No 35, 10.5.1962, p. 1118/62), as amended by:

- 375 R 1699: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1699/75 of 2 July 1975 (OJ No L 172, 3.7.1975, p. 11),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 385 R 2526: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2526/85 of 5 August 1985 (OJ No L 240, 7.9.1985, p. 1),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 393 R 3666: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3666/93 of 15 December 1993 (OJ No L 336, 31.12.1993, p. 1).

In Article 2 (1) 'fifteen` is replaced by 'nineteen`.

2. 369 R 1629: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1629/69 of 8 August 1969 on the form, content and other details of complaints pursuant to Article 10, applications pursuant to Article 12 and notifications pursuant to Article 14 (1) of Council Regulation (EEC) No 1017/68 (OJ No L 209, 21.8.1969, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 R 3666: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3666/93 of 15 December 1993 (OJ No L 336, 31.12.1993, p. 1).

In Article 3 (5), 'fifteen` is replaced by 'nineteen`.

3. 388 R 4260: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 4260/88 of 16 December 1988 on the communications, complaints and applications and the hearings provided for in Council Regulation (EEC) No 4056/86 laying down detailed rules for the application of Articles 85 and 86 of the Treaty to maritime transport (OJ No L 376, 31.12.1988, p. 1) as amended by:

- 393 R 3666: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3666/93 of 15 December 1993 (OJ No L 336, 31.12.1993, p. 1).

In Article 4 (4), 'fifteen` is replaced by 'nineteen`.

4. 388 R 4261: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 4261/88 of 16 December 1988 on the complaints, applications and the hearings provided for in Council Regulation (EEC) No 3975/87 laying down the procedure for the application of the rules on competition to undertakings in the air transport sector (OJ No L 376, 31.12.1988, p. 10), as amended by:

- 393 R 3666: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3666/93 of 15 December 1993 (OJ No L 336, 31.12.1993, p. 1).

In Article 3 (4), 'fifteen` is replaced by 'nineteen`.

5. 390 R 2367: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2367/90 of 25 July 1990 on the notifications, time limits and hearings provided for in Council Regulation (EEC) No 4064/89 on the control of concentrations between undertakings (OJ No L 219, 14.8.1990, p. 5), as amended by:

- 393 R 3666: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3666/93 of 15 December 1993 (OJ No L 336, 31.12.1993, p. 1).

In Article 2 (2), 'twenty-one` shall be replaced by 'twenty-five` and 'sixteen` by 'twenty`.

D. BLOCK EXEMPTION REGULATIONS

1. 383 R 1983: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1983/83 of 22 June 1983 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to categories of exclusive distribution agreements (OJ No L 173, 30.6.1983, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 7a

The prohibition in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply to agreements which were in existence at the date of accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which, by reason of this accession, fall within the scope of Article 85 (1) if, within six months from the date of accession, they are so amended that they comply with the conditions laid down in this Regulation. However, this Article shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 of the EEA Agreement.`.

2. 383 R 1984: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1984/83 of 22 June 1983 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to categories of exclusive purchasing agreements (OJ No L 173, 30.6.1983, p. 5), as corrected by OJ No L 281, 13.10.1983, p. 24, as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 15a

The prohibition in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply to agreements which were in existence at the date of accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which, by reason of this accession, fall within the scope of Article 85 (1) if, within six months from the date of accession, they are so amended that they comply with the conditions laid down in this Regulation. However, this Article shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`.

3. 384 R 2349: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2349/84 of 23 July 1984 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of patent licensing agreements (OJ No L 219, 16.8.1984, p. 15), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 393 R 0151: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 151/93 of 23 December 1992 (OJ No L 21, 29.1.1993, p. 8).

The following paragraph is added to Article 8:

'4. As regards agreements to which Article 85 of the Treaty applies as a result of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, Articles 6 and 7 shall apply mutatis mutandis on the understanding that the relevant dates shall be the date of accession instead of 13 March 1962 and six months after the date of accession instead of 1 February 1963, 1 January 1967 and 1 April 1985. The amendment made to these agreements in accordance with Article 7 need not be notified to the Commission. However, this paragraph shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

4. 385 R 0123: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 123/85 of 12 December 1984 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of motor vehicle distribution and servicing agreements (OJ No L 15, 18.1.1985, p. 16), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following paragraph is added to Article 9:

'4. As regards agreements to which Article 85 of the Treaty applies as a result of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, Articles 7 and 8 shall apply mutatis mutandis on the understanding that the relevant dates shall be the date of accession instead of 13 March 1962 and six months after the date of accession instead of 1 February 1963, 1 January 1967 and 1 October 1985. The amendment made to the agreements in accordance with Article 8 need not be notified to the Commission. However, this paragraph shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

5. 385 R 0417: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 417/85 of 19 December 1984 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to categories of specialization agreements (OJ No L 53, 22.2.1985, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 393 R 0151: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 151/93 of 23 December 1992 (OJ No L 21, 29.1.1993, p. 8).

The following paragraph is added to Article 9a:

'As regards agreements to which Article 85 of the Treaty applies as a result of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, the preceding paragraph shall apply mutatis mutandis on the understanding that the relevant dates shall be the date of accession of those countries and six months after the date of accession respectively. However, this paragraph shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

6. 385 R 0418: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 418/85 of 19 December 1984 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to categories of research and development agreements (OJ No L 53, 22.2.1985, p. 5), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 393 R 0151: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 151/93 of 23 December 1992 (OJ No L 21, 29.1.1993, p. 8).

The following paragraph is added to Article 11:

'7. As regards agreements to which Article 85 of the Treaty applies as a result of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, paragraphs 1 to 3 shall apply mutatis mutandis on the understanding that the relevant dates shall be the date of accession instead of 13 March 1962 and six months after the date of accession instead of 1 February 1963, 1 January 1967, 1 March 1985 and 1 September 1985. The amendment made to these agreements in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 3 need not be notified to the Commission. However, this paragraph shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

7. 388 R 4087: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 4087/88 of 30 November 1988 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to categories of franchise agreements (OJ No L 359, 28.12.1988, p. 46).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 8a

The prohibition in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply to the franchise agreements which were in existence at the date of accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which, by reason of this accession, fall within the scope of Article 85 (1) if, within six months from the date of accession, they are so amended that they comply with the conditions laid down in this Regulation. However, this Article shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

8. 389 R 0556: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 556/89 of 30 November 1988 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of know-how licensing agreements (OJ No L 61, 4.3.1989, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 R 0151: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 151/93 of 23 December 1992 (OJ No L 21, 29.1.1993, p. 8).

The following paragraph is added to Article 10:

'4. As regards agreements to which Article 85 of the Treaty applies as a result of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, Articles 8 and 9 shall apply mutatis mutandis on the understanding that the relevant dates shall be the date of accession instead of 13 March 1962 and six months after the date of accession instead of 1 February 1963 and 1 January 1967. The amendments made to the agreements in accordance with Article 9 need not be notified to the Commission. However, this paragraph shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

9. 392 R 3932: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3932/92 of 21 December 1992 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of agreements, decisions and concerted practices in the insurance sector (OJ No L 398, 31.12.1992, p. 7).

The following paragraph is added to Article 20:

'4. As regards agreements covered by Article 85 of the Treaty as a result of the accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, Articles 18 and 19 shall apply mutatis mutandis on the understanding that the relevant dates shall be the date of accession instead of 13 March 1962 and six months after the date of accession instead of 1 February 1963, 1 January 1967, 31 December 1993 and 1 April 1994. The amendments made to the agreements in accordance with Article 19 need not be notified to the Commission. However, the present paragraph shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`

10. 393 R 1617: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1617/93 of 25 June 1993 on the application of the Treaty to certain categories of agreements and concerted practices concerning joint planning and coordination of schedules, joint operations, consultations on passenger and cargo tariffs on scheduled air services and slot allocation at airports (OJ No L 155, 26.6.1993, p. 18).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 6a

The prohibition in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which were in existence at the date of accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which, by reason of that accession, fall within the scope of Article 85 (1) if, within six months from the date of accession, they are so amended that they comply with the conditions laid down in this Regulation. However, this Article shall not apply to agreements, decisions and concerted practices which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`.

11. 393 R 3652: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3652/93 of 22 December 1993 on the application of Article 85 (3) of the Treaty to certain categories of agreements between undertakings relating to computerized reservation systems for air transport services (OJ No L 333, 31.12.1993, p. 37).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 14a

The prohibition in Article 85 (1) of the Treaty shall not apply to agreements which were in existence at the date of accession of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden and which, by reason of that accession, fall within the scope of Article 85 (1) if, within six months from the date of accession, they are so amended that they comply with the conditions laid down in this Regulation. However, this Article shall not apply to agreements which at the date of accession already fall under Article 53 (1) of the EEA Agreement.`.

IV. SOCIAL POLICY

A. SOCIAL SECURITY

1. 371 R 1408: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1408/71 of 14 June 1971 on the application of social security schemes to employed persons, to self-employed persons and to members of their families moving within the Community (OJ No L 149, 5.7.1971, p. 2), as amended and updated by:

- 383 R 2001: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2001/83 of 2 June 1983 (OJ No L 230, 22.8.1983, p. 6),

and subsequently amended by:

- 385 R 1660: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1660/85 of 13 June 1985 (OJ No L 160, 20.6.1985, p. 1),

- 385 R 1661: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1661/85 of 13 June 1985 (OJ No L 160, 20.6.1985, p. 7),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession to the European Communities of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 386 R 3811: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3811/86 of 11 December 1986 (OJ No L 355, 16.12.1986, p. 5),

- 389 R 1305: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1305/89 of 11 May 1989 (OJ No L 131, 13.5.1989, p. 1),

- 389 R 2332: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2332/89 of 18 July 1989 (OJ No L 224, 2.8.1989, p. 1),

- 389 R 3427: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3427/89 of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 331, 16.11.1989, p. 1),

- 391 R 2195: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2195/91 of 25 June 1991 (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1991, p. 2),

- 392 R 1247: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1247/92 of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 136, 19.5.1992, p. 1),

- 392 R 1248: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1248/92 of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 136, 19.5.1992, p. 7),

- 392 R 1249: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1249/92 of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 136, 19.5.1992, p. 28),

- 393 R 1945: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1945/93 of 30 June 1993 (OJ No L 181, 23.7.1993, p. 1).

(a) In Article 82 (1), the figure '72` is replaced by '96`;

(b) Annex I, Part I 'Employed persons and/or self-employed persons (Article 1 (a) (ii) and (iii) of the Regulation)` is amended as follows:

(i) after the words 'Does not apply.` under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert:

' K. NORWAY

Any person who is an employed or self-employed person within the meaning of the National Insurance Act shall be considered respectively as employed or self-employed within the meaning of Article 1 (a) (ii) of the Regulation.

L. AUSTRIA

Does not apply.`;

(ii) the headings 'K. PORTUGAL` and 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` become 'M. PORTUGAL` and 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(iii) after the words 'Does not apply.` under the heading 'M. PORTUGAL` insert:

' N. FINLAND

Any person who is an employed or self-employed person within the meaning of the legislation on the Employment Pensions Scheme shall be considered respectively as employed or self-employed with the meaning of Article 1 (a) (ii) of the Regulation.

O. SWEDEN

Any person who is an employed or self-employed person within the meaning of the legislation on work injury insurance shall be considered respectively as employed or self-employed within the meaning of Article 1 (a) (ii) of the Regulation.`;

(c) Annex I, Part II 'Members of the family (second sentence of Article 1 (f) of the Regulation)` is amended as follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert:

'K. NORWAY

For the purpose of determining entitlement to benefits in kind pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 1 of Title III of the Regulation, "member of the family" means a spouse or a child under the age of 25.

L. AUSTRIA

Does not apply.`;

(ii) the headings 'K. PORTUGAL` and 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` become 'M. PORTUGAL` and 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(iii) after the words 'Does not apply.` under the heading 'M. PORTUGAL` insert:

'N. FINLAND

For the purpose of determining entitlement to benefits in kind pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 1 of Title III of the Regulation, "member of the family" means a spouse or a child as defined by the Sickness Insurance Act.

O. SWEDEN

For the purpose of determining entitlement to benefits in kind pursuant to the provisions of Chapter 1 of Title III of the Regulation, "member of the family" means a spouse or a child under the age of 18.`;

(d) Annex II '(Article 1 (j) and (u) of the Regulation)`, Part I. 'Special schemes for self-employed persons excluded from the scope of the Regulation pursuant to the fourth subparagraph of Article 1 (j)` is amended as follows:

(i) after the words 'Does not apply.` under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert:

'K. NORWAY

Does not apply.

L. AUSTRIA

Insurance and welfare institutions (Versicherungs- und Versorgungswerke), "welfare in particular funds" (Fürsorgeeinrichtungen) and the system for extending fee-sharing (erweiterte Honorarverteilung) for doctors, veterinary surgeons, barristers and counsel, and civil engineers (Ziviltechniker)`;

(ii) the headings 'K. PORTUGAL` and 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` become 'M. PORTUGAL` and 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(iii) after the words 'Does not apply` under the heading 'M. PORTUGAL` insert:

'N. FINLAND

Does not apply.

O. SWEDEN

Does not apply.`;

(e) Annex II, Part II 'Special childbirth allowances excluded from the scope of the Regulation pursuant to Article 1 (u)` is amended as follows:

(i) after the word 'None` under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert:

'K. NORWAY

Lump-sum grants payable on childbirth pursuant to the National Insurance Act.

L. AUSTRIA

The general part of the childbirth allowance.`;

(ii) the headings 'K. PORTUGAL` and 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` become 'M. PORTUGAL` and 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(iii) after the word 'None` under the heading 'M. PORTUGAL` insert:

'N. FINLAND

The maternity package or the maternity lump-sum grant pursuant to the Maternity Grant Act.

O. SWEDEN

None.`;

(f) Annex II, Part III 'Special non-contributory benefits within the meaning of Article 4 (2b) which do not fall within the scope of the Regulation` is amended as follows:

(i) after the word 'None.` under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert:

'K. NORWAY

None.

L. AUSTRIA

Benefits granted under Bundesländer legislation for disabled persons and persons in need of care.`;

(ii) the headings 'K. PORTUGAL` and 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` become 'M. PORTUGAL` and 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(iii) after the word 'None` under the heading 'M. PORTUGAL` insert:

'N. FINLAND

None.

O. SWEDEN

None.`;

(g) Annex IIa '(Article 10a of the Regulation)` is amended as follows:

(i) after the word 'None.` under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert:

'K. NORWAY

(a) Basic benefit and attendance benefit in accordance with Article 8 (2) of the National Insurance Act of 17 June 1966 No 12 to cover extra expenses or the need for special attention, nursing or domestic help incurred by the disability, except for instances where the beneficiary is drawing an old-age, disability or survivors pension from the National Insurance Scheme.

(b) Guaranteed minimum supplementary pension to persons who are born disabled or become disabled at an early age in accordance with Articles 7 (3) and 8 (4) of the National Insurance Act of 17 June 1966 No 12.

(c) Child-care benefit and educational benefit to surviving spouse in accordance with Articles 10 (2) and 10 (3) of the National Insurance Act of 17 June 1966 No 12.

L. AUSTRIA

(a) Compensatory supplement (Federal Act of 9 September 1955 on General Social Insurance - ASVG, Federal Act of 11 October 1978 on Social Insurance for Persons engaged in Trade and Commerce - GSVG and Federal Act of 11 October 1978 on Social Insurance for Farmers-BSVG).

(b) Care allowance (Pflegegeld) under the Austrian Federal Care Allowance Act (Bundespflegegeldgesetz) with the exception of care allowance granted by accident insurance institutions where the handicap is caused by an accident at work or occupational disease.`;

(ii) the headings 'K. PORTUGAL` and 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` become 'M. PORTUGAL` and 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(iii) after the last entry under the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` insert:

'N. FINLAND

(a) Child-care allowance (Child-Care Allowance Act, 444/69).

(b) Disability allowance (Disability Allowance Act, 124/88).

(c) Housing allowance for pensioners (Act concerning the Housing Allowance for Pensioners, 591/78).

(d) Basic unemployment allowance (Unemployment Allowance Act, 602/84) in cases where a person does not fulfil the corresponding conditions for the earnings-related unemployment allowance.

O. SWEDEN

(a) Municipal Housing Supplements to basic pensions (Law 1962:392 reprinted 1976:1014).

(b) Handicap allowances which are not paid to a person receiving a pension (Law 1962:381 reprinted 1982:120).

(c) Care allowances for handicapped children (Law 1962:381 reprinted 1982:120).`;

(h) Annex III, Part A 'Provisions of social security conventions remaining applicable notwithstanding Article 6 of the Regulation` is amended as follows:

(i) after the word 'None.` under the heading '9. BELGIUM-NETHERLANDS` insert:

' 10. BELGIUM-NORWAY

No convention.

11. BELGIUM-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 4 April 1977 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point III of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(ii)

the numbering of the heading 'BELGIUM-PORTUGAL` is changed from '10` to '12` and the following is inserted:

'13. BELGIUM-FINLAND

No convention.

14. BELGIUM-SWEDEN

No convention.`;

(iii)

the numbering of the heading 'BELGIUM-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '11` to '15` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'16. DENMARK-GERMANY`

'17. DENMARK-SPAIN`

'18. DENMARK-FRANCE`

'19. DENMARK-GREECE`

'20. DENMARK-IRELAND`

'21. DENMARK-ITALY`

'22. DENMARK-LUXEMBOURG`

'23. DENMARK-NETHERLANDS`;

(iv)

after the words 'No Convention` under the heading '23. DENMARK- NETHERLANDS` insert:

'24. DENMARK-NORWAY

Article 10 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992.

25. DENMARK-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 16 June 1987 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point I of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(v)

the numbering of the heading 'DENMARK-PORTUGAL` is changed from '20` to '26` and the following is inserted:

'27. DENMARK-FINLAND

Article 10 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992.`;

28. DENMARK-SWEDEN

Article 10 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992.`;

(vi)

the numbering of the heading 'DENMARK-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '21` to '29` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'30. GERMANY-SPAIN`

'31. GERMANY-FRANCE`

'32. GERMANY-GREECE`

'33. GERMANY-IRELAND`

'34. GERMANY-ITALY`

'35. GERMANY-LUXEMBOURG`

'36. GERMANY-NETHERLANDS`

(vii)

after the entry under the heading '36. GERMANY-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'37. GERMANY-NORWAY

No convention.

38. GERMANY-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 41 of the Convention on social security of 22 December 1966 as amended by Complementary Conventions No 1 of 10 April 1969, No 2 of 29 March 1974 and No 3 of 29 August 1980.

(b) Paragraphs 3 (c), 3 (d), 17, 20 (a) and 21 of the Final Protocol to the said Convention.

(c) Article 3 of the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

(d) Paragraph 3 (g) of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

(e) Article 4 (1) of the Convention as regards the German legislation, under which accidents (and occupational diseases) occurring outside the territory of the Federal Republic of Germany, and periods completed outside that territory, do not give rise to payment of benefits or only give rise to payment of benefits, under certain conditions, when those entitled to them reside outside the territory of the Federal Republic of Germany, in cases in which:

(i) the benefit is already granted or could be granted on 1 January 1994;

(ii) the person concerned has taken up ordinary residence in Austria before 1 January 1994 and the granting of pensions from pension and accident insurance starts before 31 December 1994.

(f) Paragraph 19 (b) of the Final Protocol to the said Convention. In applying Number 3 (c) of this provision the amount taken into account by the competent institution shall not exceed the amount, which is due in respect of the corresponding periods to be remunerated by this institution.

(g) Article 2 of Complementary Convention No 1 of 10 April 1969 to the said Convention.

(h) Articles 1 (5) and 8 of the Convention on unemployment insurance of 19 July 1978.

(i) Paragraph 10 of the Final Protocol to the said Convention.`;

(viii)

the numbering of the heading 'GERMANY-PORTUGAL` is changed from '29` to '39` and the following is inserted:

'40. GERMANY-FINLAND

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 23 April 1979.

(b) Point 9 (a) of the Final Protocol to the said Convention.

41. GERMANY-SWEDEN

(a) Article 4 (2) of the Convention on social security of 27 February 1976.

(b) Point 8 (a) of the Final Protocol to the said Convention.`;

(ix)

the numbering of the heading 'GERMANY-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '30` to '42` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'43. SPAIN-FRANCE`

'44. SPAIN-GREECE`

'45. SPAIN-IRELAND`

'46. SPAIN-ITALY`

'47. SPAIN-LUXEMBOURG`

'48. SPAIN-NETHERLANDS`;

(x)

after the entry under the heading '48. SPAIN-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'49. SPAIN-NORWAY

No convention.

50. SPAIN-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 6 November 1981 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xi)

the numbering of the heading 'SPAIN-PORTUGAL` is changed from '37` to '51` and the following is inserted:

'52. SPAIN-FINLAND

Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 19 December 1985.

53. SPAIN-SWEDEN

Articles 5 (2) and 16 of the Convention on social security of 29 June 1987.`;

(xii)

the numbering of the heading 'SPAIN-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '38` to '54` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'55. FRANCE-GREECE`

'56. FRANCE-IRELAND`

'57. FRANCE-ITALY`

'58. FRANCE-LUXEMBOURG`

'59. FRANCE-NETHERLANDS`

(xiii)

after the entry under the heading '59. FRANCE-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'60. FRANCE-NORWAY

None.`

'61. FRANCE-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(xiv)

the numbering of the heading 'FRANCE-PORTUGAL` is changed from '44` to '62` and the following is inserted:

'63. FRANCE-FINLAND

None.

64. FRANCE-SWEDEN

None`;

(xv)

the numbering of the heading 'FRANCE-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '45` to '65` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'66. GREECE-IRELAND`

'67. GREECE-ITALY`

'68. GREECE-LUXEMBOURG`

'69. GREECE-NETHERLANDS`;

(xvi)

after the entry under the heading '69. GREECE-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'70. GREECE-NORWAY

Article 16 (5) of the Convention on social security of 12 June 1980.

71. GREECE-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 14 December 1979 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 21 May 1986 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xvii)

the numbering of the heading 'GREECE-PORTUGAL` is changed from '50` to '72` and the following is inserted:

'73. GREECE-FINLAND

Articles 5 (2) and 21 of the Convention on social security of 11 March 1988.

74. GREECE-SWEDEN

Articles 5 (2) and 23 of the Convention on social security of 5 May 1978 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 14 September 1984.`;

(xviii)

the numbering of the heading 'GREECE-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '51` to '75` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'76. IRELAND-ITALY`

'77. IRELAND-LUXEMBOURG`

'78. IRELAND-NETHERLANDS`;

(xix)

after the entry under the heading '78. IRELAND-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'79. IRELAND-NORWAY

No convention.

80. IRELAND-AUSTRIA

Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 30 September 1988 as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xx)

the numbering of the heading 'IRELAND-PORTUGAL` is changed from '55` to '81` and the following inserted:

'82. IRELAND-FINLAND

No convention.

83. IRELAND-SWEDEN

No convention.`;

(xxi)

the numbering of the heading 'IRELAND-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '56` to '84` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'85. ITALY-LUXEMBOURG`

'86. ITALY-NETHERLANDS`;

(xxii)

after the entry under the heading '86. ITALY-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'87. ITALY-NORWAY

None.

88. ITALY-AUSTRIA

(a) Articles 5 (3) and 9 (2) of the Convention on social security of 21 January 1981.

(b) Article 4 of the said Convention and paragraph 2 of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xxiii)

the numbering of the heading 'ITALY-PORTUGAL` is changed from '59` to '89` and the following is inserted:

'90. ITALY-FINLAND

No convention.

91. ITALY-SWEDEN

Article 20 of the Convention on social security of 25 September 1979.`;

(xxiv)

the numbering of the heading 'ITALY-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '60` to '92` and the subsequent heading is renumbered as follows:

'93. LUXEMBOURG-NETHERLANDS`;

(xxv)

after the entry under the heading '93. LUXEMBOURG-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'94. LUXEMBOURG-NORWAY

None.

95. LUXEMBOURG-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 21 December 1971 as amended by Complementary Conventions No 1 of 16 May 1973 and No 2 of 9 October 1978.

(b) Article 3 (2) of the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

(c) Point III of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xxvi)

the numbering of the heading 'LUXEMBOURG-PORTUGAL` is changed from '62` to '96` and the following is inserted:

'97. LUXEMBOURG-FINLAND

Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 15 September 1988.

98. LUXEMBOURG-SWEDEN

(a) Articles 4 and 29 (1) of the Convention on social security of 21 February 1985 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Article 30 of the said Convention.`;

(xxvii)

the numbering of the heading 'LUXEMBOURG-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '63` to '99` and the following is inserted:

' 100. NETHERLANDS-NORWAY

Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 13 April 1989.

101. NETHERLANDS-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 3 of the Convention on social security of 7 March 1974 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 5 November 1980 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xxviii)

the numbering of the heading 'NETHERLANDS-PORTUGAL` is changed from '64` to '102` and the following is inserted:

'103. NETHERLANDS-FINLAND

No convention.

104. NETHERLANDS-SWEDEN

Articles 4 and 24 (3) of the Convention on social security of 2 July 1976 as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xxix)

the numbering of the heading 'NETHERLANDS-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '65` to '105` and the following is inserted:

'106. NORWAY-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 27 August 1985.

(b) Article 4 of the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

(c) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

107. NORWAY-PORTUGAL

Article 6 of the Convention on social security of 5 June 1980.

108. NORWAY-FINLAND

Article 10 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992.

109. NORWAY-SWEDEN

Article 10 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992.

110. NORWAY-UNITED KINGDOM

None.

111. AUSTRIA-PORTUGAL

None.

112. AUSTRIA-FINLAND

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 11 December 1985 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 9 March 1993 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

113. AUSTRIA-SWEDEN

(a) Articles 4 and 24 (1) of the Convention on social security of 11 November 1975 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 21 October 1982 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

114. AUSTRIA-UNITED KINGDOM

(a) Article 3 of the Convention on social security of 22 July 1980 as amended by Complementary Conventions No 1 of 9 December 1985 and No 2 of 13 October 1992 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Protocol concerning benefits in kind to the said Convention with the exception of Article 2 (3) as regards persons who cannot claim treatment under Chapter 1 of Title III of the Regulation.

115. PORTUGAL-FINLAND

No convention.

116. PORTUGAL-SWEDEN

Article 6 of the Convention on social security of 25 October 1978.`;

(xxx)

the numbering of the heading 'PORTUGAL-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '66` to '117` and the following is inserted:

'118. FINLAND-SWEDEN

Article 10 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992.

119. FINLAND-UNITED KINGDOM

None.

120. SWEDEN-UNITED KINGDOM

Article 4 (3) of the Convention on social security of 29 June 1987.`;

(i) Annex III, Part B 'Provisions of Conventions which do not apply to all persons to whom the Regulation applies` is amended as follows:

(i)

after the entry under the heading '9. BELGIUM-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

' 10. BELGIUM-NORWAY

No convention.

11. BELGIUM-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 4 April 1977 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point III of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.';

(ii)

the numbering of the heading 'BELGIUM-PORTUGAL` is changed from '10` to '12` and the following is inserted:

'13. BELGIUM-FINLAND

No convention.

14. BELGIUM-SWEDEN

No convention.`;

(iii)

the numbering of the heading 'BELGIUM-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '11` to '15` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'16. DENMARK-GERMANY`

'17. DENMARK-SPAIN`

'18. DENMARK-FRANCE`

'19. DENMARK-GREECE`

'20. DENMARK-IRELAND`

'21. DENMARK-ITALY`

'22. DENMARK-LUXEMBOURG`

'23. DENMARK-NETHERLANDS`;

(iv)

after the entry under the heading `23. DENMARK-NETHERLANDS' the following is inserted:

'24. DENMARK-NORWAY

None.

25. DENMARK-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 16 June 1987 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point I of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(v)

the numbering of the heading 'DENMARK-PORTUGAL` is changed from '20` to '26` and the following is inserted:

'27. DENMARK-FINLAND

None.

28. DENMARK-SWEDEN

None.`;

(vi)

the numbering of the heading 'DENMARK-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '21` to '29` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'30. GERMANY-SPAIN`

'31. GERMANY-FRANCE`

'32. GERMANY-GREECE`

'33. GERMANY-IRELAND`

'34. GERMANY-ITALY`

'35. GERMANY-LUXEMBOURG`

'36. GERMANY-NETHERLANDS`;

(vii)

after the entry under the heading '36. GERMANY-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'37. GERMANY-NORWAY

No convention.

38. GERMANY-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 41 of the Convention on social security of 22 December 1966 as amended by Complementary Conventions No 1 of 10 April 1969, No 2 of 29 March 1974 and No 3 of 29 August 1980.

(b) Paragraph 20 (a) of the Final Protocol to the said Convention.

(c) Article 3 of the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

(d) Paragraph 3 (g) of the Final Protocol to the said Convention.

(e) Article 4 (1) of the Convention as regards the German legislation, under which accidents (and occupational diseases) occurring outside the territory of the Federal Republic of Germany, and periods completed outside that territory, do not give rise to payment of benefits or only give rise to payment of benefits under certain conditions, when those entitled to them reside outside the territory of the Federal Republic of Germany, in cases in which:

(i) the benefit is already granted or could be granted on 1 January 1994;

(ii) the person concerned has taken up ordinary residence in Austria before 1 January 1994 and the granting of pensions from pension and accident insurance started before 31 December 1994.

(f) Paragraph 19 (b) of the Final Protocol to the said Convention. In applying Number 3 (c) of this provision the amount taken into account by the competent institution shall not exceed the amount which is due in respect of the corresponding periods to be remunerated by this institution.`;

(viii)

the numbering of the heading 'GERMANY-PORTUGAL` is changed from '29` to '39` and the following is inserted:

'40. GERMANY-FINLAND

Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 23 April 1979.

41. GERMANY-SWEDEN

Article 4 (2) of the Convention on social security of 27 February 1976.`;

(ix)

the numbering of the heading 'GERMANY-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '30` to '42` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'43. SPAIN-FRANCE`

'44. SPAIN-GREECE`

'45. SPAIN-IRELAND`

'46. SPAIN-ITALY`

'47. SPAIN-LUXEMBOURG`

'48. SPAIN-NETHERLANDS`

(x)

after the entry under the heading '48. SPAIN-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'49. SPAIN-NORWAY

No convention.

50. SPAIN-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 6 November 1981 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xi)

the numbering of the heading 'SPAIN-PORTUGAL` is changed from '37` to '51` and the following is inserted:

'52. SPAIN-FINLAND

Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 19 December 1985.

53. SPAIN-SWEDEN

Articles 5 (2) and 16 of the Convention on social security of 29 June 1987.`;

(xii)

the numbering of the heading 'SPAIN-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '38` to '54` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'55. FRANCE-GREECE`

'56. FRANCE-IRELAND`

'57. FRANCE-ITALY`

'58. FRANCE-LUXEMBOURG`

'59. FRANCE-NETHERLANDS`

(xiii)

after the entry under the heading '59. FRANCE-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'60. FRANCE-NORWAY

None.

61. FRANCE-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(xiv)

the numbering of the heading 'FRANCE-PORTUGAL` is changed from '44` to '62` and the following is inserted:

'63. FRANCE-FINLAND

No convention.

64. FRANCE-SWEDEN

None.`;

(xv)

the numbering of the heading 'FRANCE-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '45` to '65` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'66. GREECE-IRELAND`

'67. GREECE-ITALY`

'68. GREECE-LUXEMBOURG`

'69. GREECE-NETHERLANDS`

(xvi)

after the entry under the heading '69. GREECE-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'70. GREECE-NORWAY

None.

71. GREECE-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 14 December 1979 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 21 May 1986 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xvii)

the numbering of the heading 'GREECE-PORTUGAL` is changed from '50` to '72` and the following is inserted:

'73. GREECE-FINLAND

Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 11 March 1988.

74. GREECE-SWEDEN

Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 5 May 1978 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 14 September 1984.`;

(xviii)

the numbering of the heading 'GREECE-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '51` to '75` and the numbering of the subsequent headings is changed as follows:

'76. IRELAND-ITALY`

'77. IRELAND-LUXEMBOURG`

'78. IRELAND-NETHERLANDS`;

(xix)

after the entry under the heading '78. IRELAND-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'79. IRELAND-NORWAY

No convention.

80. IRELAND-AUSTRIA

Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 30 September 1988 as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xx)

the numbering of the heading 'IRELAND-PORTUGAL` is changed from '55` to '81` and the following is inserted:

'82. IRELAND-FINLAND

No convention.

83. IRELAND-SWEDEN

No convention.`;

(xxi)

the numbering of the heading 'IRELAND-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '56` to '84` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'85. ITALY-LUXEMBOURG`

'86. ITALY-NETHERLANDS`;

(xxii)

after the entry under the heading '86. ITALY-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'87. ITALY-NORWAY

None.

88. ITALY-AUSTRIA

(a) Articles 5 (3) and 9 (2) of the Convention on social security of 21 January 1981.

(b) Article 4 of the said Convention and paragraph 2 of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xxiii)

the numbering of the heading 'ITALY-PORTUGAL` is changed from '59` to '89` and the following is inserted:

'90. ITALY-FINLAND

No convention.

91. ITALY-SWEDEN

Article 20 of the Convention on social security of 25 September 1979.`;

(xxiv)

the numbering of the heading 'ITALY-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '60` to '92` and the subsequent heading is renumbered as follows:

'93. LUXEMBOURG-NETHERLANDS`;

(xxv)

after the entry under the heading '93. LUXEMBOURG-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'94. LUXEMBOURG-NORWAY

None.

95. LUXEMBOURG-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 21 December 1971 as amended by Complementary Conventions No 1 of 16 May 1973 and No 2 of 9 October 1978.

(b) Article 3 (2) of the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

(c) Point III of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xxvi)

the numbering of the heading 'LUXEMBOURG-PORTUGAL` is changed from '62` to '96` and the following is inserted:

'97. LUXEMBOURG-FINLAND

Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 15 September 1988.

98. LUXEMBOURG-SWEDEN

Articles 4 and 29 (1) of the Convention on social security of 21 February 1985 as regards persons residing in a third State.';

(xxvii)

the numbering of the heading 'LUXEMBOURG-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '63` to '99` and the following is inserted:

'100. NETHERLANDS-NORWAY

Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 13 April 1989.

101. NETHERLANDS-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 3 of the Convention on social security of 7 March 1974 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 5 November 1980 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xxviii)

the numbering of the heading 'NETHERLANDS-PORTUGAL` is changed from '64` to '102` and the following is inserted:

'103. NETHERLANDS-FINLAND

No convention.

104. NETHERLANDS-SWEDEN

Articles 4 and 24 (3) of the Convention on social security of 2 July 1976 as regards persons residing in a third State.`;

(xxix)

the numbering of the heading 'NETHERLANDS-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '65` to '105` and the following is inserted:

'106. NORWAY-AUSTRIA

(a) Article 5 (2) of the Convention on social security of 27 August 1985.

(b) Article 4 of the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

(c) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

107. NORWAY-PORTUGAL

None.

108. NORWAY-FINLAND

None.

109. NORWAY-SWEDEN

None.

110. NORWAY-UNITED KINGDOM

None.

111. AUSTRIA-PORTUGAL

None.

112. AUSTRIA-FINLAND

(a) Article 4 of the Convention on social security of 11 December 1985 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 9 March 1993 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

113. AUSTRIA-SWEDEN

(a) Articles 4 and 24 (1) of the Convention on social security of 11 November 1975 as amended by the Complementary Convention of 21 October 1982 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Point II of the Final Protocol to the said Convention as regards persons residing in a third State.

114. AUSTRIA-UNITED KINGDOM

(a) Article 3 of the Convention on social security of 22 July 1980 as amended by Complementary Conventions No 1 of 9 December 1985 and No 2 of 13 October 1992 as regards persons residing in a third State.

(b) Protocol concerning benefits in kind to the said Convention with the exception of Article 2 (3) as regards persons who cannot claim treatment under Chapter 1 of Title III of the Regulation.

115. PORTUGAL-FINLAND

No convention.

116. PORTUGAL-SWEDEN

Article 6 of the Convention on social security of 25 October 1978.`;

(xxx)

the numbering of the heading 'PORTUGAL-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed from '66` to '117` and the following is inserted:

'118. FINLAND-SWEDEN

None.

119. FINLAND-UNITED KINGDOM

None.

120. SWEDEN-UNITED KINGDOM

Article 4 (3) of the Convention on social security of 29 June 1987.`;

(j) Annex IV, Part A 'Legislation referred to in Article 37 (1) of the Regulation under which the amount of invalidity benefits is independent of the length of periods of insurance` is amended as follows:

(i) after the entries under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

' K. NORWAY

None.

L. AUSTRIA

None.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL`

(iii) after the entry under the heading 'M. PORTUGAL` the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

National pensions to persons who are born disabled or become disabled at an early age (the National Pensions Act (547/93)).

O. SWEDEN

None.`;

(iv) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(k) Annex IV, Part B 'Special schemes for self-employed persons within the meaning of Articles 38 (3) and 45 (3) of Regulation No 1408/71` is amended as follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading `J. THE NETHERLANDS' insert the following:

'K. NORWAY

None.

L. AUSTRIA

None.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

None.

O. SWEDEN

None.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(l) Annex IV, Part C 'Cases referred to in Article 46 (1) (b) of the Regulation where the calculation of benefit in accordance with Article 46 (2) of the Regulation may be waived` is amended a follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

'K. NORWAY

All applications for old-age pensions, except pensions mentioned in Annex IV D.

L. AUSTRIA

None.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

None.

O. SWEDEN

All applications for old-age basic and supplementary pensions except pensions mentioned in Annex IV D.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(m) Annex IV, Part D is replaced by the following:

'Benefits and agreements referred to in Article 46b (2) of the Regulation

1. Benefits referred to in Article 46b (2) (a) of the Regulation, the amount of which is independent of the length of periods of insurance or residence completed:

(a) The invalidity benefits provided for by the legislations referred to in part A of this Annex.

(b) The full Danish national old-age pension acquired after 10 years' residence by persons who will have been awarded a pension by 1 October 1989 at the latest.

(c) The Spanish death allowances and survivors' pensions granted under the general and special schemes.

(d) The widows' allowance under the widowhood insurance of the French general social security system or the agricultural workers' system.

(e) The widowers' or widows' invalidity pension under the French general social security system or the agricultural workers' system, when calculated on the basis of the invalidity pension of a deceased spouse, paid in accordance with Article 46 (1) (a) (i).

(f) The Netherlands widows' pension under the law of 9 April 1959 governing the general insurance for widows and orphans, as amended.

(g) Finnish national pensions determined according to the National Pensions Act of 8 June 1956 and awarded under the transitional rules of the National Pensions Act (547/93).

(h) The full Swedish basic pension awarded under the basic pension legislation which applied before 1 January 1993 and the full basic pension awarded under the transitional rules to the legislation applying from that date.

2. Benefits referred to in Article 46b (2) (b) of the Regulation, the amount of which is determined by reference to a credited period deemed to have been completed between the date on which the risk materialized and a later date:

(a) Danish early-retirement pensions, the amount of which is determined in accordance with legislation in force before 1 October 1984.

(b) German invalidity and survivors' pensions, for which account is taken of a supplementary period, and German old-age pensions, for which account is taken of a supplementary period already acquired.

(c) Italian pensions for total incapacity for work (inabilità).

(d) Luxembourg invalidity and survivors' pensions.

(e) Norwegian disability pensions, also when converted into an old-age pension upon reaching pensionable age, and all pensions (survivors' and old-age pensions) based on a deceased person's pension earnings.

(f) Finnish employment pensions for which account is taken of future periods according to the national legislation.

(g) Swedish invalidity and survivors' pensions for which account is taken of a credited period of insurance and Swedish old-age pensions for which account is taken of credited periods already acquired.

3. Agreements referred to in Article 46b (2) (b) (i) of the Regulation intended to prevent the same credited period being taken into account two or more times:

Agreement of 20 July 1978 between the Government of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and the Government of the Federal Republic of Germany concerning various social security matters.

Nordic Convention of 15 June 1992 on social security.`;

(n) Annex VI is amended as follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

' K. NORWAY

1. The transitional provisions of the Norwegian legislation entailing a reduction of the insurance period which is required for a full supplementary pension for persons born before 1937 shall be applicable to persons covered by the Regulation provided that they have been residents of Norway, or engaged in gainful occupation as employed or self-employed in Norway, for such a number of years as is required after their sixteenth birthday and before 1 January 1967. This requirement shall be one year for each year the person's year of birth falls before 1937.

2. A person insured under the National Insurance Act who provides care to insured care-needing old, disabled or sick persons shall, according to prescribed conditions, be credited pension points for such periods. Likewise, a person who takes care of small children shall be credited pension points when staying in another Member State than Norway provided that the person concerned is on parental leave under Norwegian labour law.

3. Insofar as Norwegian survivors' or disability pension is payable under the Regulation, calculated in accordance with Article 46 (2) and by applying Article 45, the provisions of Sections 8-1 (3) and 10-11 (3) of the National Insurance Act by which a pension may be granted by making an exception from the general requirement of having been insured under the National Insurance Act during the last three years up to the contingency, shall not apply.

L. AUSTRIA

1. For the purpose of applying Chapter 1 of Title III of the Regulation, a person receiving a civil servant's pension shall be considered to be a pensioner.

2. For the purpose of applying Article 46 (2) of the Regulation, increments for contributions for supplementary insurance and the miner's supplementary benefit under Austrian legislation shall be disregarded. In these cases the amount calculated according to Article 46 (2) of the Regulation shall be increased by increments for contributions for supplementary insurance and the miner's supplementary benefit.

3. For the purpose of applying Article 46 (2) of the Regulation, in applying Austrian legislation the day relevant for a pension (Stichtag) shall be considered as the date when the risk materializes.

4. The application of the provisions of the Regulation shall not have the effect of reducing any entitlement to benefits by virtue of Austrian legislation with regard to persons who have suffered in their social security situation for political or religious reasons or for reasons of their descent.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

1. In order to determine whether the period between the occurrence of the pension contingency and the pensionable age (future period) should be taken into account when calculating the amount of the Finnish employment pension, the periods of insurance or residence under the legislation of another Member State shall be taken into consideration for the condition relating to residence in Finland.

2. Where employment or self-employment in Finland has terminated and the contingency occurs during employment or self-employment in another Member State and where the pension according to the Finnish employment pension legislation no longer includes the period between the contingency and the pensionable age (future period), periods of insurance under the legislation of another Member State shall be taken into consideration for the requirement of the future period as if they were periods of insurance in Finland.

3. When, under the legislation of Finland, an increment is payable by an institution in Finland because of a delay in processing a claim for a benefit, a claim submitted to an institution of another Member State shall, for the purpose of applying the provisions of the Finnish legislation relating to such increment, be considered to have been presented on the date when that claim, along with all necessary enclosures, reaches the competent institution in Finland.

O. SWEDEN

1. When applying Article 18 (1) for the purpose of establishing a person's entitlement to a parental benefit period of insurance completed under the legislation of another Member State than Sweden shall be considered to be based on the same average earnings as the Swedish periods of insurance to which they are aggregated.

2. The provisions of the Regulation on the aggregation of insurance or residence periods shall not apply to the transitional rules of the Swedish legislation on the right to a more favourable calculation of basic pensions for persons residing in Sweden for a specified period preceding the date of the claim.

3. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to an invalidity or survivor's pension partly based on future assumed insurance periods a person shall be considered to meet the insurance and income requirements of the Swedish legislation when covered as an employed or self-employed person by an insurance or residence scheme of another Member State.

4. Years of care of small children shall, according to prescribed conditions of the Swedish legislation, be considered as insurance periods for supplementary pension purposes even when the child and the person concerned are residing in another Member State, provided that the person taking care of the child is on parental leave under the provisions of the Law on Right to Leave for Child Rearing.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(o) Annex VII is replaced by the following:

'ANNEX VII

(Article 14c (1) (b) of the Regulation)

Instances in which a person shall be simultaneously subject to the legislation of two Member States

1. Where he is self-employed in Belgium and gainfully employed in any other Member State, except Luxembourg. For Luxembourg, the exchange of letters of 10 and 12 July 1968 between Belgium and Luxembourg shall apply.

2. Where a person resident in Denmark is self-employed in Denmark and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

3. For the agricultural accident insurance scheme and the old-age insurance scheme for farmers: where he is self-employed in farming in Germany and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

4. Where a person resident in Spain is self-employed in Spain and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

5. Where he is self-employed in France and gainfully employed in any other Member State, except Luxembourg.

6. Where he is self-employed in farming in France and gainfully employed in Luxembourg.

7. For the pension insurance scheme for self-employed persons: where he is self-employed in Greece and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

8. Where he is self-employed in Italy and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

9. Where a person resident in Norway is self-employed in Norway and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

10. Where a person is self-employed in Austria and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

11. Where he is self-employed in Portugal and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

12. Where a person resident in Finland is self-employed in Finland and gainfully employed in any other Member State.

13. Where a person resident in Sweden is self-employed in Sweden and gainfully employed in any other Member State.`.

2. 372 R 0574: Council Regulation (EEC) No 574/72 of 21 March 1972 laying down the procedure for implementing Regulation (EEC) No 1408/71 on the application of social security schemes to employed persons, to self-employed persons and to their families moving within the Community (OJ No L 74, 27.3.1972, p. 1), as amended and updated by:

- 383 R 2001: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2001/83 of 2 June 1983 (OJ No L 230, 22.8.1983, p. 6),

and subsequently amended by:

- 385 R 1660: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1660/85 of 13 June 1985 (OJ No L 160, 20.6.1985, p. 1),

- 385 R 1661: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1661/85 of 13 June 1985 (OJ No L 160, 20.6.1985, p. 7),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession to the European Communities of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 386 R 0513: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 513/86 of 26 February 1986 (OJ No L 51, 28.2.1986, p. 44),

- 386 R 3811: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3811/86 of 11 December 1986 (OJ No L 355, 16.12.1986, p. 5),

- 389 R 1305: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1305/89 of 11 May 1989 (OJ No L 131, 13.5.1989, p. 1),

- 389 R 2332: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2332/89 of 18 July 1989 (OJ No L 224, 2.8.1989, p. 1),

- 389 R 3427: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3427/89 of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 331, 16.11.1989, p. 1),

- 391 R 2195: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2195/91 of 25 June 1991 (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1991, p. 2),

- 392 R 1248: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1248/92 of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 136, 19.5.1992, p. 7),

- 392 R 1249: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1249/92 of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 136, 19.5.1992, p. 28),

- 393 R 1945: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1945/93 of 30 June 1993 (OJ No L 181, 23.7.1993, p. 1).

(a) Annex 1 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert:

' K. NORWAY

1. Sosial- og helsedepartementet (Ministry of Health and Social Affairs), Oslo.

2. Kommunal- og arbeidsdepartementet (Ministry of Local Government and Labour), Oslo.

3. Barne- og familiedepartementet (Ministry of Children and Family Affairs), Oslo.

L. AUSTRIA

1. Bundesminister für Arbeit und Soziales (Federal Minister for Labour and Social Affairs), Wien.

2. Bundesminister für Umwelt, Jugend und Familie (Federal Minister for the Environment, Youth and the Family), Wien.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

Sosiaali- ja terveysministeriö/Social- och hälsovårdsministeriet (Ministry of Social Affairs and Health), Helsinki.

O. SWEDEN

Regeringen (Socialdepartementet) (the Government (the Ministry of Health and Social Affairs)), Stockholm.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(b) Annex 2 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entries under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

'K. NORWAY

1. Unemployment benefits:

Arbeidsdirektoratet, Oslo, fylkesarbeidskontorene og de lokale arbeidskontorer på bostedet eller oppholdsstedet (Directorate of Labour, Oslo, the regional labour offices and the local labour offices at the place of residence or at the place of stay).

2. All other benefits under the Norwegian National Insurance Act:

Rikstrygdeverket, Oslo, fylkestrygdekontorene og de lokale trygdekontorer på bostedet eller oppholdsstedet (National Insurance Administration, Oslo, the regional insurance offices and the local insurance offices at the place of residence or at the place of stay).

3. Family allowances:

Rikstrygdeverket, Oslo, og de lokale trygdekontorer på bostedet eller oppholdsstedet (National Insurance Administration, Oslo, and the local insurance offices at the place of residence or at the place of stay).

4. Pension insurance scheme for seafarers:

Pensjonstrygden for sjømenn (the Pension Insurance for Seafarers), Oslo.

L. AUSTRIA

The competence of the Austrian institutions shall be governed by the provisions of Austrian legislation, unless otherwise specified hereinafter:

1. Sickness insurance:

(a) Where the person concerned is resident in the territory of another Member State and a Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance) is competent for an insurance and under Austrian legislation the local competence cannot be decided the local competence shall be determined as follows:

- Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance) competent for the last employment in Austria, or

- Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance) competent for the last residence in Austria, or

- if there has never been an employment for which a Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance) was competent or there has never been a residence in Austria, the Wiener Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance of Vienna), Wien.

(b) For the purpose of applying Section 5 of Chapter 1 of Part III of the Regulation in connection with Article 95 of the implementing Regulation in relation to the refund of the expenses for benefits to persons entitled to a pension under the Federal Act of 9 September 1955 on General Social Insurance (ASVG):

Hauptverband der österreichischen Sozialversicherungsträger (Main Association of Austrian Social Insurance Institutions), Wien, it being understood that the refund of the expenses shall be made from contributions for sickness insurance of the pensioners received by the said Main Association.

2. Pension insurance:

In determining the institution responsible for paying a benefit only insurance periods under the Austrian legislation shall be taken into consideration.

3. Unemployment insurance:

(a) For the announcement of being unemployed:

Arbeitsamt (Employment Office) competent for the place of residence or place of stay of the person concerned.

(b) For the issue of Forms Nos E 301, E 302 and E 303:

Arbeitsamt (Employment Office) competent for the place of employment of the person concerned.

4. Family benefits:

(a) Family benefits with the exception of Karenzurlaubsgeld (special maternity allowance):

Finanzamt (Finance Office).

(b) Karenzurlaubsgeld (special maternity allowance)

Arbeitsamt (Employment Office) competent for the place of residence or place of stay of the person concerned.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

1. Sickness and maternity:

(a) Cash benefits:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, or

the employment fund with which the person concerned is insured;

(b) Benefits in kind:

(i) refunds under sickness insurance:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, or

the employment fund with which the person concerned is insured

(ii) public health and hospital service:

the local units which provide services under the scheme.

2. Old-age, invalidity, death (pensions):

(a) National pensions:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, or

(b) Employment pensions:

the employment pension institution which grants and pays the pensions.

3. Accidents at work, occupational diseases:

the insurance institution which is responsible for the accident insurance of the person concerned.

4. Death grants:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, or

the insurance institution which is responsible for paying the benefits in case of accident insurance.

5. Unemployment:

(a) Basic scheme:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki; or

(b) Earnings-related scheme:

the competent unemployment fund.

6. Family benefits:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

O. SWEDEN

1. For all contingencies except unemployment benefits:

(a) As a general rule:

the social insurance office with which the person concerned is insured.

(b) For mariners not resident in Sweden:

Göteborgs allmänna försäkringskassa, Sjöfartskontoret (Social Insurance Office of Gothenburg, Mariners' Section).

(c) For the purpose of applying Articles 35 to 59 of the implementing Regulation for persons not resident in Sweden:

Stockholms läns allmänna försäkringskassa, utlandsavdelningen (Social Insurance Office of Stockholm, Foreign Division).

(d) For the purpose of applying Articles 60 to 77 of the implementing Regulation for persons, with the exception of mariners not resident in Sweden:

- the social insurance office of the place where the accident at work or the occupational disease occurred or appeared, or

- Stockholms läns allmänna försäkringskassa, utlandsavdelningen (Social Insurance Office of Stockholm, Foreign Division).

2. For unemployment benefits:

Arbetsmarknadsstyrelsen (National Labour Market Board).`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(c) Annex 3 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entries under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

' K. NORWAY

De lokale arbeidskontorer og trygdekontorer på bostedet eller oppholdsstedet (the local labour and insurance offices of the place of residence or the place of stay).

L. AUSTRIA

1. Sickness insurance:

(a) In all cases, except for the application of Articles 27 and 29 of the Regulation and of Articles 30 and 31 of the implementing Regulation in relation to the institution of the place of residence of a pensioner mentioned in Article 27 of the Regulation:

Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance) competent for the place of residence or place of stay of the person concerned.

(b) For the application of Articles 27 and 29 of the Regulation and of Articles 30 and 31 of the implementing Regulation in relation to the institution of the place of residence of a pensioner mentioned in Article 27 of the Regulation:

the competent institution.

2. Pension insurance:

(a) If the person concerned has been subject to the Austrian legislation with the exception of the application of Article 53 of the implementing Regulation:

the competent institution.

(b) In all other cases with the exception of the application of Article 53 of the implementing Regulation:

Pensionsversicherungsanstalt der Angestellten (Pension Insurance Institution for Employees), Wien.

(c) For the purpose of applying Article 53 of the implementing Regulation:

Hauptverband der österreichischen Sozialversicherungsträger (Main Association of Austrian Social Insurance Institutions), Wien.

3. Accident insurance:

(a) Benefits in kind:

- Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance) competent for the place of residence or place of stay of the person concerned;

- or Allgemeine Unfallversicherungsanstalt (General Accident Insurance Institution), Wien, may grant the benefits.

(b) Benefits in cash:

(i) In all cases with the exception of the application of Article 53 in connection with Article 77 of the implementing Regulation:

Allgemeine Unfallversicherungsanstalt (General Accident Insurance Institution), Wien.

(ii) For the purpose of applying Article 53 in connection with Article 77 of the implementing Regulation:

Hauptverband der österreichischen Sozialversicherungsträger (Main Association of Austrian Social Insurance Institutions), Wien.

4. Unemployment insurance:

Arbeitsamt (Employment Office) competent for the place of residence or place of stay of the person concerned.

5. Family benefits:

(a) Family benefits with the exception of Karenzurlaubsgeld (special maternity allowance):

Finanzamt (Finance Office) competent for the place of residence or place of stay of the beneficiary.

(b) Karenzurlaubsgeld (special maternity allowance):

Arbeitsamt (Employment Office) competent for the place of residence or place of stay of the person concerned.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

1. Sickness and maternity:

(a) Cash benefits:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki; or

(b) Benefits in kind:

(i) refunds under sickness insurance:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, or

(ii) public health and hospital service:

the local units which provide services under the scheme.

2. Old-age, invalidity, death (pensions):

(a) National pensions:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, or

(b) Employment pensions:

Eläketurvakeskus/Pensionsskyddscentralen (Central Pension insurance Institute), Helsinki

3. Death grants:

General death grants:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

4. Unemployment:

(a) Basic scheme:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

(b) Earnings-related scheme:

(i) In the case of Article 69: Kansaneläkelaitos - Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

(ii) in other cases:

the competent unemployment fund with which the person concerned is insured.

5. Family benefits:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

O. SWEDEN

1. For all contingencies except unemployment benefits:

the social insurance office of the place of residence or place of stay.

2. For unemployment benefits:

the county labour board of the place of residence or place of stay.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(d) Annex 4 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entries under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

' K. NORWAY

1. Unemployment benefits:

Arbeidsdirektoratet (Directorate of Labour), Oslo.

2. In all other cases:

Rikstrygdeverket (National Insurance Administration), Oslo.

L. AUSTRIA

1. Sickness, accident and pension insurance:

Hauptverband der österreichischen Sozialversicherungsträger (Main Association of Austrian Insurance Institutions), Wien.

2. Unemployment insurance:

(a) Dealing with Germany:

Landesarbeitsamt Salzburg (Provincial Employment Office Salzburg), Salzburg.

(b) In all other cases:

Landesarbeitsamt Wien (Provincial Employment Office Vienna), Wien.

3. Family benefits:

(a) Family benefits with the exception of Karenzurlaubsgeld (special maternity allowance):

Bundesministerium für Umwelt, Jugend und Familie (Federal Ministry for the Environment, Youth and the Family), Wien.

(b) Karenzurlaubsgeld (special maternity allowance):

Landesarbeitsamt Wien (Provincial Employment Office Vienna), Wien.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

1. Sickness and maternity insurance, national pensions, family benefits, unemployment benefits and death grants:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

2. Employment pensions:

Eläketurvakeskus/Pensionsskyddscentralen (Central Pension Insurance Institute), Helsinki.

3. Accidents at work, occupational diseases:

Tapaturmavakuutuslaitosten Liitto/Olyckfallsförsäkringsanstalternas

Förbund (Federation of Accident Insurance Institutions), Helsinki.

O. SWEDEN

1. For all contingencies except unemployment benefits:

Riksförsäkringsverket (National Social Insurance Board).

2. For unemployment benefits:

Arbetsmarknadsstyrelsen (National Labour Market Board).`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(e) Annex 5 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entries under the heading '9. BELGIUM-NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

' 10. BELGIUM-NORWAY

Does not apply.

11. BELGIUM-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(ii)

the heading '10. BELGIUM-PORTUGAL` is changed to '12. BELGIUM- PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'13. BELGIUM-FINLAND

Does not apply.

14. BELGIUM-SWEDEN

Does not apply.`;

(iii)

the heading '11. BELGIUM-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to '15. BELGIUM-UNITED KINGDOM` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'16. DENMARK-GERMANY`

'17. DENMARK-SPAIN`

'18. DENMARK-FRANCE`

'19. DENMARK-GREECE`

'20. DENMARK-IRELAND`

'21. DENMARK-ITALY`

'22. DENMARK-LUXEMBOURG`

'23. DENMARK-NETHERLANDS`;

(iv)

after the entry under the heading '23. DENMARK-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'24. DENMARK-NORWAY

Article 23 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992: agreement on the reciprocal waiver of refunds pursuant to Articles 36 (3), 63 (3) and 70 (3) of the Regulation (costs of benefits in kind in respect of sickness and maternity, accidents at work and occupational diseases, and unemployment benefits) and Article 105 (2) of the implementing Regulation (costs of administrative checks and medical examinations).

25. DENMARK-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(v)

the heading '20. DENMARK-PORTUGAL` is changed to '26. DENMARK-PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'27. DENMARK-FINLAND

Article 23 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992: agreement on the reciprocal waiver of refunds pursuant to Articles 36 (3), 63 (3) and 70 (3) of the Regulation (costs of benefits in kind in respect of sickness and maternity, accidents at work and occupational diseases, and unemployment benefits) and Article 105 (2) of the implementing Regulation (costs of administrative checks and medical examinations).

28. DENMARK-SWEDEN

Article 23 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992: agreement on the reciprocal waiver of refunds pursuant to Articles 36 (3), 63 (3) and 70 (3) of the Regulation (costs of benefits in kind in respect of sickness and maternity, accidents at work and occupational diseases, and unemployment benefits) and Article 105 (2) of the implementing Regulation (costs of administrative checks and medical examinations).`;

(vi)

the heading '21.` DENMARK-UNITED KINGDOM is changed to '29.` DENMARK-UNITED KINGDOM and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'30. GERMANY-SPAIN`

'31. GERMANY-FRANCE`

'32. GERMANY-GREECE`

'33. GERMANY-IRELAND`

'34. GERMANY-ITALY`

'35. GERMANY-LUXEMBOURG`

'36. GERMANY-NETHERLANDS`

(vii)

after the entries under the heading `36. GERMANY-NETHERLANDS' the following is inserted:

'37. GERMANY-NORWAY

Does not apply.

38. GERMANY-AUSTRIA

Section II, Number 1, and Section III of the Arrangement of 2 August 1979 on the implementation of the Convention on unemployment insurance of 19 July 1978.`;

(viii)

the heading '29. GERMANY-PORTUGAL` is changed to '39. GERMANY-PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'40. GERMANY-FINLAND

None.

41. GERMANY-SWEDEN

None.`;

(ix)

the heading '30. GERMANY-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to '42. GERMANY-UNITED KINGDOM` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'43. SPAIN-FRANCE`

'44. SPAIN-GREECE`

'45. SPAIN-IRELAND`

'46. SPAIN-ITALY`

'47. SPAIN-LUXEMBOURG`

'48. SPAIN-NETHERLANDS`;

(x)

after the entry under the heading '48. SPAIN-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'49. SPAIN-NORWAY

Does not apply.

50. SPAIN-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(xi)

the heading '37. SPAIN-PORTUGAL` is changed to '51. SPAIN- PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'52. SPAIN-FINLAND

None.

53. SPAIN-SWEDEN

None.`;

(xii)

the heading '38. SPAIN-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to '54. SPAIN- UNITED KINGDOM` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'55. FRANCE-GREECE`

'56. FRANCE-IRELAND`

'57. FRANCE-ITALY`

'58. FRANCE-LUXEMBOURG`

'59. FRANCE-NETHERLANDS`;

(xiii)

after the entries under the heading '59. FRANCE-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'60. FRANCE-NORWAY

None.

61. FRANCE-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(xiv)

the heading '44. FRANCE-PORTUGAL` is changed to '62. FRANCE- PORTUGAL` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'63. FRANCE-UNITED KINGDOM`

'64. GREECE-IRELAND`

'65. GREECE-ITALY`

'66. GREECE-LUXEMBOURG`

'67. GREECE-NETHERLANDS`;

(xv)

after the entry under the heading '67. GREECE-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'68. GREECE-NORWAY

None.

69. GREECE-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(xvi)

the heading '50. GREECE-PORTUGAL` is changed to '70. GREECE- PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'71. GREECE-FINLAND

None.

72. GREECE-SWEDEN

None.`;

(xvii)

the heading '51. GREECE-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to '73. GREECE-UNITED KINGDOM` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'74. IRELAND-ITALY`

'75. IRELAND-LUXEMBOURG`

'76. IRELAND-NETHERLANDS`;

(xviii)

after the entry under the heading '76. IRELAND-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'77. IRELAND-NORWAY

Does not apply.

78. IRELAND-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(xix)

the heading '55. IRELAND-PORTUGAL` is changed to '79. IRELAND- PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'80. IRELAND-FINLAND

Does not apply.

81. IRELAND-SWEDEN

Does not apply.`;

(xx)

the heading '56. IRELAND-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to '82. IRELAND-UNITED KINGDOM` and the subsequent headings are renumbered as follows:

'83. ITALY-LUXEMBOURG`

84. ITALY-NETHERLANDS`;

(xxi)

after the entry under the heading '84. ITALY-NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'85. ITALY-NORWAY

None.

86. ITALY-AUSTRIA

None.';

(xxii)

the heading '59. ITALY-PORTUGAL` is changed to '87. ITALY- PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'88. ITALY-FINLAND

Does not apply.

89. ITALY-SWEDEN

None.';

(xxiii)

the headings '60. ITALY-UNITED KINGDOM` and '61. LUXEMBOURG-NETHERLANDS` are changed to '90. ITALY-UNITED KINGDOM` and '91. LUXEMBOURG-NETHERLANDS` and the following is inserted:

'92. LUXEMBOURG-NORWAY

Does not apply.

93. LUXEMBOURG-AUSTRIA

None.`;

(xxiv)

the heading '62. LUXEMBOURG-PORTUGAL` is changed to '94. LUXEMBOURG-PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'95. LUXEMBOURG-FINLAND

Reimbursement - arrangement of 24 February 1994 under Articles 36 (3) and 63 (3) of the Regulation.

96. LUXEMBOURG-SWEDEN

None.`;

(xxv)

the heading '61. LUXEMBOURG-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to '97. LUXEMBOURG-UNITED KINGDOM` and the following is inserted:

'98. NETHERLANDS-NORWAY

None.

99. NETHERLANDS-AUSTRIA

Agreement of 17 November 1993 on the refund of social security costs.`;

(xxvi)

the heading '64. NETHERLANDS-PORTUGAL` is changed to '100. NETHERLANDS-PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

' 101. NETHERLANDS-FINLAND

Reimbursement - arrangement of 26 January 1994 under Articles 36 (3) and 63 (3) of the Regulation.

102. NETHERLANDS-SWEDEN

None.`;

(xxvii)

the heading '65. NETHERLANDS-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to '103. NETHERLANDS-UNITED KINGDOM` and the following is inserted:

'104. NORWAY-AUSTRIA

None.

105. NORWAY-PORTUGAL

None.

106. NORWAY-FINLAND

Article 23 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992: agreement on the reciprocal waiver of refunds pursuant to Articles 36 (3), 63 (3) and 70 (3) of the Regulation (costs of benefits in kind in respect of sickness and maternity, accidents at work and occupational diseases, and unemployment benefits) and Article 105 (2) of the implementing Regulation (costs of administrative checks and medical examinations).

107. NORWAY-SWEDEN

Article 23 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992: agreement on the reciprocal waiver of refunds pursuant to Articles 36 (3), 63 (3) and 70 (3) of the Regulation (costs of benefits in kind in respect of sickness and maternity, accidents at work and occupational diseases, and unemployment benefits) and Article 105 (2) of the implementing Regulation (costs of administrative checks and medical examinations).

108. NORWAY-UNITED KINGDOM

Article 7 (3) of the Administrative Agreement of 28 August 1990 on the implementation of the Convention on social security

109. AUSTRIA-PORTUGAL

None.

110. AUSTRIA-FINLAND

None.

111. AUSTRIA-SWEDEN

Arrangement of 22 December 1993 on the reimbursement of costs in the field of social security.

112. AUSTRIA-UNITED KINGDOM

(a) Article 18 (1) and (2) of the Arrangement of 10 November 1980 for the implementation of the Convention on social security of 22 July 1980 as amended by Supplementary Arrangements No 1 of 26 March 1986 and No 2 of 4 June 1993 with regard to persons who cannot claim treatment under Chapter 1 of Title III of the Regulation;

(b) Article 18 (1) of the said Arrangement with regard to persons who can claim treatment under Chapter 1 of Title III of the Regulation on the understanding that for Austrian nationals resident in the territory of Austria and for nationals of the United Kingdom resident in the territory of the United Kingdom (with the exception of Gibraltar) the relevant passport shall replace the form E 111 for all benefits covered by that form.

113. PORTUGAL-FINLAND

Does not apply.

114. PORTUGAL-SWEDEN

None.`;

(xxviii)

the heading '66. PORTUGAL-UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to '115. PORTUGAL-UNITED KINGDOM` and the following is inserted:

'116. FINLAND-SWEDEN

Article 23 of the Nordic Convention on social security of 15 June 1992: agreement on the reciprocal waiver of refunds pursuant to Articles 36 (3), 63 (3) and 70 (3) of the Regulation (costs of benefits in kind in respect of sickness and maternity, accidents at work and occupational diseases, and unemployment benefits) and Article 105(2) of the implementing Regulation (costs of administrative checks and medical examinations).

117. FINLAND-UNITED KINGDOM

None.

118. SWEDEN-UNITED KINGDOM

None.`;

(f) Annex 6 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entries under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

' K. NORWAY

Direct payment.

L. AUSTRIA

Direct payment.';

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

Direct payment.

O. SWEDEN

Direct payment.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(g) Annex 7 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

'K. NORWAY

Sparebanken NOR (The Savings Bank NOR), Oslo.

L. AUSTRIA

Österreichische Nationalbank (National Bank of Austria), Wien.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

Postipankki Oy, Helsinki/Postbanken Ab, Helsingfors (Postipankki, Ltd., Helsinki).

O. SWEDEN

None.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(h) Annex 8 is replaced by the following:

'ANNEX 8

GRANT OF FAMILY BENEFITS

(Articles 4 (8), 10a (1) (d) and 122 of the implementing Regulation)

Article 10a (1) (d) of the implementing Regulation is applicable to:

A. Employed persons and self-employed persons

(a) with a reference period of one calendar month in dealings between:

- Belgium and Germany,

- Belgium and Spain,

- Belgium and France,

- Belgium and Greece,

- Belgium and Ireland,

- Belgium and Luxembourg,

- Belgium and Norway,

- Belgium and Austria,

- Belgium and Portugal,

- Belgium and Finland,

- Belgium and Sweden,

- Belgium and the United Kingdom,

- Germany and Spain,

- Germany and France,

- Germany and Greece,

- Germany and Ireland,

- Germany and Luxembourg,

- Germany and Norway,

- Germany and Austria,

- Germany and Finland,

- Germany and Sweden,

- Germany and the United Kingdom,

- Spain and Norway,

- Spain and Austria,

- Spain and Finland,

- Spain and Sweden,

- France and Luxembourg,

- France and Norway,

- France and Austria,

- France and Finland,

- France and Sweden,

- Ireland and Norway,

- Ireland and Austria,

- Ireland and Sweden,

- Luxembourg and Norway,

- Luxembourg and Austria,

- Luxembourg and Finland,

- Luxembourg and Sweden,

- the Netherlands and Norway,

- the Netherlands and Austria,

- the Netherlands and Finland,

- the Netherlands and Sweden,

- Norway and Austria,

- Norway and Portugal,

- Norway and Finland,

- Norway and Sweden,

- Norway and the United Kingdom,

- Austria and Portugal,

- Austria and Finland,

- Austria and Sweden,

- Austria and the United Kingdom,

- Portugal and France,

- Portugal and Ireland,

- Portugal and Luxembourg,

- Portugal and Finland,

- Portugal and Sweden,

- Portugal and the United Kingdom,

- Finland and Sweden,

- Finland and the United Kingdom,

- Sweden and the United Kingdom.

(b) with a reference period of a quarter of a calendar year in dealings between:

- Denmark and Germany, Norway

- the Netherlands and Germany, Denmark, France, Luxembourg, Portugal.

B. Self-employed persons

With a reference period of a quarter of a calendar year in dealings between:

- Belgium and the Netherlands.

C. Employed persons

With a reference period of one calendar month in dealings between:

- Belgium and the Netherlands.`;

(i) Annex 9 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entries under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

' K. NORWAY

The average annual cost of benefits in kind shall be calculated by taking into consideration the benefits provided under Chapter 2 of the National Insurance Act (Act 17 June 1966 No 12), under the Act of 19 November 1982 No 86 on Municipal Health Care, under the Act of 19 June 1969 No 57 on Hospitals and the Act of 28 April 1961 No 2 on Mental Health Care.

L. AUSTRIA

The average annual cost of benefits in kind shall be calculated by taking into consideration the benefits provided by the Gebietskrankenkassen (Regional Funds for Sickness Insurance).`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

The average annual cost of benefits in kind shall be calculated by taking into account the schemes of public health and hospital services and the refunds under the sickness insurance and rehabilitation services provided by Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

O. SWEDEN

The annual average cost of benefits in kind is calculated by taking into consideration the benefits provided under the national social insurance scheme.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(j) Annex 10 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entries under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'K. NORWAY

1. For the purpose of applying Articles 14 (1) (a) and (b) of the Regulation, Article 11 (1) (a) and (2) of the implementing Regulation when the work is carried out outside Norway, and Article 14a (1) (b):

Folketrygdkontoret for utenlandssaker (National Insurance Office for Social Insurance Abroad), Oslo.

2. For the purpose of applying Article 14a (1) (a) if the work is carried out in Norway:

The local insurance office in the municipality where the person concerned is resident.

3. For the purpose of applying Article 14 (1) (a) of the Regulation, if the person concerned is posted in Norway:

The local insurance office in the municipality where the employer's representative is registered in Norway, and if the employer has no representative in Norway, the local insurance office in the municipality where the work is carried out.

4. For the purpose of applying Article 14 (2) and Article 14 (3):

The local insurance office in the municipality in which the person concerned is resident.

5. For the purpose of applying Article 14a (2):

The local insurance office in the municipality where the work is carried out.

6. For the purpose of applying Article 14b (1) and (2):

Folketrygdkontoret for utenlandssaker (National Insurance Office for Social Insurance Abroad), Oslo.

7. For the purpose of applying Chapters 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 8 of Title III of the Regulation and the provisions linked to these provisions in the implementing Regulation:

Rikstrygdeverket (National Insurance Administration), Oslo, and its designated bodies (the regional bodies and the local insurance offices).

8. For the purpose of applying Chapter 6 of Title III of the Regulation and the provisions linked to these provisions in the implementing Regulation:

Arbeidsdirektoratet (Directorate of Labour), Oslo, and its designated bodies.

9. For the pension insurance scheme for seafarers:

(a) The local insurance office at the place of residence when the person concerned is resident in Norway.

(b) Folketrygdkontoret for utenlandssaker (National Insurance Office for Social Insurance Abroad), Oslo, in relation to paying benefits under the scheme to persons resident abroad.

10. For family allowances:

Rikstrygdeverket (National Insurance Administration), Oslo, and its designated bodies (the local insurance offices).

L. AUSTRIA

1. For the purpose of applying Article 6 (1) of the implementing Regulation in relation to self-insurance under paragraph 16 of the Federal Act of 9 September 1955 on General Social Insurance (ASVG) for persons residing outside the territory of Austria:

Wiener Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance of Vienna), Wien.

2. For the purpose of applying Articles 14 (1) (b) and 17 of the Regulation:

Bundesminister für Arbeit und Soziales (Federal Minister for Labour and Social Affairs), Wien, in agreement with the Bundesminister für Umwelt, Jugend und Familie (Federal Minister for the Environment, Youth and the Family), Wien.

3. For the purpose of applying Articles 11, 11a, 12a, 13 and 14 of the implementing Regulation:

(a) When the person concerned is subject to Austrian legislation and covered by sickness insurance:

The competent sickness insurance institution.

(b) When the person concerned is subject to Austrian legislation and not covered by sickness insurance:

The competent accident insurance institution.

(c) In all other cases:

Hauptverband der österreichischen Sozialversicherungsträger (Main Association of Austrian Social Insurance Institutions), Wien.

4. For the purpose of applying Articles 38 (1) and 70 (1) of the implementing Regulation:

Gebietskrankenkasse (Regional Fund for Sickness Insurance) competent for the place of residence of the members of the family.

5. For the purpose of applying Articles 80 (2), 81 and 82 (2) of the implementing Regulation:

Arbeitsamt (Employment Office) competent for the last place of residence or stay of the employed person or for the last place of employment.

6. For the purpose of applying Articles 85 (2) and 86 (2) of the implementing Regulation in relation to the Karenzurlaubsgeld (special maternity allowance):

Arbeitsamt (Employment Office) competent for the last place of residence or stay of the employed person or for the last place of employment.

7. For the purpose of applying:

(a) Article 102 (2) of the implementing Regulation in relation to Articles 36 and 63 of the Regulation:

Hauptverband der österreichischen Sozialversicherungsträger (Main Association of Austrian Social Insurance Institutions), Wien.

(b) Article 102 (2) of the implementing Regulation in relation to Article 70 of the Regulation:

Landesarbeitsamt Wien (Provincial Employment Office, Vienna), Wien.

8. For the purpose of applying Article 110 of the implementing Regulation:

- the competent institution, or

- if there is no Austrian competent institution, the institution of the place of residence.

9. For the purpose of applying Article 113 (2) of the implementing Regulation:

Hauptverband der österreichischen Sozialversicherungsträger (Main Association of Austrian Social Insurance Institutions), Wien, it being understood that the refund of the expenses for benefits in kind shall be made from contributions for sickness insurance of the pensioners received by the said Main Association.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

1. For the purpose of applying Articles 14 (1) b, 14a (1) (b) of the Regulation and Articles 11 (1), 11a (1), 12a, 13 (2) and (3) and 14 (1) and (2) of the implementing Regulation:

Eläketurvakeskus/Pensionsskyddscentralen (Central Pension Security Institute), Helsinki.

2. For the purpose of applying Article 10b of the implementing Regulation:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

3. For the purpose of applying Articles 36 and 90 of the implementing Regulation:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, and

Työeläkelaitokset (employment pension institutions) and Eläketurvakeskus/Pensionsskyddscentralen (Central Pension Security Institute), Helsinki.

4. For the purpose of applying Articles 37 (b) and 38 (1), 70 (1), 82 (2), 85 (2) and 86 (2) of the implementing Regulation:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

5. For the purpose of applying Articles 41 to 59 of the implementing Regulation:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, and

Eläketurvakeskus/Pensionsskyddscentralen (Central Pension Security Institute), Helsinki.

6. For the purpose of applying Articles 60 to 67, 71, 75, 76 and 78 of the implementing Regulation:

the institution of the place of residence or stay the insurance institution designated by

Tapaturmavakuutuslaitosten Liitto/Olycksfallsförsäkringsanstalternas Förbund (Federation of Accident Insurance Institutions), Helsinki.

7. For the purpose of applying Articles 80 and 81 of the implementing Regulation:

the competent unemployment fund in the case of earnings related unemployment benefits.

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki, in the case of basic unemployment benefits.

8. For the purpose of applying Articles 102 and 113 of the implementing Regulation:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki,

Tapaturmavakuutuslaitosten Liitto/Olycksfallsförsäkringsanstalternas Förbund (Federation of Accident Insurance Institutions), Helsinki, in the case of accident insurance.

9. For the purpose of applying Article 110 of the implementing Regulation:

(a) Employment pensions:

Eläketurvakeskus/Pensionsskyddscentralen (Central Pension Security Institute), Helsinki, in the case of employment pensions.

(b) Accident at work, occupational diseases:

Tapaturmavakuutuslaitosten Liitto/Olycksfallsförsäkringsanstalternas Förbund (Federation of Accident Insurance Institutions), Helsinki, in the case of accident insurance.

(c) in other cases:

Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

O. SWEDEN

1. For the purpose of applying Articles 14 (1), 14a (1), 14b (1) and (2) of the Regulation and Articles 11 (1) (a) and 11a (1) of the implementing Regulation:

The social insurance office with which the person concerned is insured.

2. For the purpose of applying Articles 14 (1) (b) and 14a (1) (b) in cases when a person is posted to Sweden:

The social insurance office at the place where the work is performed.

3. For the purpose of applying Articles 14b (1) and (2) in cases when a person is posted to Sweden for a period longer than 12 months:

Göteborgs allmänna försäkringskassa, sjöfartskontoret (Social Insurance Office of Gothenburg, Mariners' Section).

4. For the purpose of applying Articles 14 (2) and (3), 14a (2) and 3 of the Regulation:

The social insurance office of the place of residence.

5. For the purpose of applying Articles 14a (4) of the Regulation and Articles 11 (1) (b), 11a (1) (b) and 12a (5), (6) and (7) (a) of the implementing Regulation:

The social insurance office at the place where the work is performed.

6. For the purpose of applying Article 17 of the Regulation:

(a) The social insurance office at the place where the work is or will be performed, and

(b) Riksförsäkringsverket (National Social Insurance Board) concerning categories of employed or self-employed persons.

7. For the purpose of applying Article 102 (2):

(a) Riksförsäkringsverket (National Social Insurance Board).

(b) Arbetsmarknadsstyrelsen (National Labour Market Board), for unemployment benefits.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(k) Annex 11 is amended as follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

'K. NORWAY

None.

L. AUSTRIA

None.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

None.

O. SWEDEN

None.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`.

3. Decisions of the Administrative Commission of the European Communities on Social Security for Migrant Workers:

(a) Decision No 117 of 7.7.1982 (OJ No C 238, 7.9.1983, p. 3)

Point 2.2. of the Decision is replaced by the following:

'For the purpose of this Decision the designated body shall be:

>TABLE>

`

(b) Decision No 118 of 20.4.1983 (OJ No C 306, 12.11.1983, p. 2).

Point 2.4. of the Decision is replaced by the following:

'For the purpose of this Decision the designated body shall be:

>TABLE>

`

(c) Decision No 135 of 1.7.1987 (OJ No C 281, 4.11.1988, p. 7).

Point 2.2. of the Decision is replaced by the following:

'the expected or actual cost of that benefit exceeds the following flat rate amount:

(a) BEF 20 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Belgium;

(b) DKK 3 600 for the institution of the place of residence in Denmark;

(c) DEM 1 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Germany;

(d) GRD 50 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Greece;

(e) PTE 50 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Spain;

(f) FRF 2 900 for the institution of the place of residence in France;

(g) IEP 300 for the institution of the place of residence in Ireland;

(h) ITL 590 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Italy;

(i) LUF 20 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Luxembourg;

(j) NLG 1 100 for the institution of the place of residence in the Netherlands;

(k) NOK 3 600 for the institution of the place of residence in Norway;

(l) ATS 7 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Austria;

(m) ESP 60 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Portugal;

(n) FIM 3 000 for the institution of the place of residence in Finland;

(o) SEK 3 600 for the institution of the place of residence in Sweden;

(p) GBP 350 for the institution of the place of residence in the United Kingdom.`;

(d) Decision No 136 of 1.7.1987 (OJ No C 64, 9.3.1988, p. 7).

The Annex to the Decision is amended as follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` insert the following:

' K. NORWAY

None.

L. AUSTRIA

None.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

None.

O. SWEDEN

None.`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`;

(e) Decision No 150 of 26.6.1992 (OJ No C 229, 25.8.1993, p. 5).

The Annex to the Decision is amended as follows:

(i) after the entry under the heading 'J. NETHERLANDS` the following is inserted:

'K. NORWAY

Folketrygdkontoret for utenlandssaker (National Insurance Office for Social Insurance Abroad), Oslo.

L. AUSTRIA

1. If only family allowances are concerned: the competent Finanzamt (Finance Office)

2. In all other cases: the competent pension insurance institution.`;

(ii) the heading 'K. PORTUGAL` is changed to 'M. PORTUGAL` and the following is inserted:

'N. FINLAND

1. Kansaneläkelaitos/Folkpensionsanstalten (Social Insurance Institution), Helsinki,

and

2. Eläketurvakeskus/Pensionsskyddscentralen (Central Pension Insurance Institution), Helsinki.

O. SWEDEN

For beneficiaries residing in Sweden:

The Social Insurance Office at the place of residence.

For beneficiaries not residing in Sweden:

Stockholms läns allmänna försäkringskassa, utlandsavdelningen (The Social Insurance Office of Stockholm, Foreign Division).`;

(iii) the heading 'L. UNITED KINGDOM` is changed to 'P. UNITED KINGDOM`.

B. FREE MOVEMENT OF WORKERS

368 L 0360: Council Directive 68/360/EEC of 15 October 1968 on the abolition of restrictions on movement and residence within the Community for workers of Member States and their families (OJ No L 257, 19.10.1968, p. 13).

Footnote 1 to the Annex is replaced by the following:

'Austrian, Belgian, British, Danish, Finnish, German, Greek, Irish, French, Italian, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, according to the country issuing the permit`.

C. EQUAL OPPORTUNITIES

382 D 0043: Commission Decision 82/43/EEC of 9 December 1981 setting up an Advisory Committee on Equal Opportunities (OJ No L 20, 28.1.1982, p. 35), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) Article 3 (1) is replaced by the following:

'The Committee shall have two members per Member State.`;

(b) Article 6, second sentence, is replaced by:

'Election shall be by a majority of two-thirds of the members present; a minimum of half of the members' votes in favour shall nevertheless be required.`;

(c) in Article 11, the phrase: 'The minimum shall, however, be twelve votes in favour` is replaced by: 'The minimum shall, however, be half of the members' votes in favour`.

D. LABOUR LAW

380 L 0987: Council Directive 80/987/EEC of 20 October 1980 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the protection of workers in the event of the insolvency of their employer (OJ No L 283, 28.10.1980, p. 23), as amended by:

- 387 L 0164: Council Directive 87/164/EEC of 2 March 1987 (OJ No L 66, 11.3.1987, p. 11).

The following are added to the Annex, section 1 ('Employees having a contract of employment, or an employment relationship of a special nature`):

'F: AUSTRIA

1. Members of the authority of a body corporate, which is responsible for the statutory representation of that body.

2. Associates entitled to exercise dominant influence in the association, even if this influence is based on fiduciary disposition.`

'G: SWEDEN

An employee, or the survivors of an employee, who on his own or together with his close relatives was the owner of an essential part of the employer's undertaking or business and had a considerable influence on its activities. This shall apply also when the employer is a legal person without an undertaking or business.`

E. HEALTH AND SAFETY

1. 380 L 1107: Council Directive 80/1107/EEC of 27 November 1980 on the protection of workers from risks related to exposure to chemical, physical and biological agents at work (OJ No L 327, 3.12.1980, p. 8), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0642: Council Directive 88/642/EEC of 16 December 1988 (OJ No L 356, 24.12.1988, p. 74).

In Article 10 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

2. 382 L 0130: Council Directive 82/130/EEC of 15 February 1982 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning electrical equipment for use in potentially explosive atmospheres in mines susceptible to firedamp (OJ No L 59, 2.3.1982, p. 10), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0035: Council Directive 88/35/EEC of 2 December 1989 (OJ No L 20, 26.1.1988, p. 28),

- 391 L 0269: Council Directive 91/269/EEC of 30 April 1991 (OJ No L 134, 29.5.1991, p. 51).

In Article 7 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

3. 388 D 0383: Commission Decision 88/383/EEC of 24 February 1988 providing for the improvement of information on safety, hygiene and health at work (OJ No L 183, 14.7.1988, p. 34):

In Article 3, the phrase 'twenty-four members` is replaced by 'two members per Member State`.

4. 378 D 0618: Commission Decision 78/618/EEC of 28 June 1978 setting up a Scientific Advisory Committee to examine the toxicity and ecotoxicity of chemical compounds (OJ No L 198, 22.7.1978, p. 17), as amended by:

- 388 D 0241: Commission Decision 88/241/EEC of 18 March 1988 (OJ No L 105, 26.4.1988, p. 29.

In Article 3, '24` is replaced by '32` and both '12` are replaced by '16`

5. Decision of 9 July 1957 of the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States, meeting within the Special Council of Ministers (OJ No 28, 31.8.1957, p. 487/57), as amended by:

- Council Decision of 11 March 1965 of the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States, meeting within the Special Council of Ministers (OJ No 46, 22.3.1965, p. 698/65),

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The Annex is amended as follows:

(a) in Article 3, first paragraph, 'forty-eight` is replaced by 'sixty-four`;

(b) in Article 9, second paragraph, 'six` is replaced by 'eight`;

(c) in Article 13, third paragraph, 'the nine` is replaced by 'all the`;

(d) in Article 18, first paragraph, 'thirty-two` is replaced by 'forty-three`;

(e) in Article 18, second paragraph, 'twenty-five` is replaced by 'thirty-three`;

6. 374 D 0325: Council Decision 74/325/EEC of 27 June 1974 on the setting up of an Advisory Committee on Safety, Hygiene and Health Protection at Work (OJ No L 185, 9.7.1974, p. 15), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Article 4 (1), '72` is replaced by '96`.

F. DISABLED PEOPLE

393 D 0136: Council Decision 93/136/EEC of 25 February 1993 establishing a third Community action programme to assist disabled people (Helios II 1993 to 1996) (OJ No L 56, 9.3.1993, p. 30).

(a) In Article 9 (1) (a), '24` is replaced by '28`;

(b) in Article 10 (1) (b), '12` is replaced by '16`.

G. OTHER

375 R 1365: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1365/75 of 26 May 1975 on the creation of a European Foundation for the improvement of living and working conditions (OJ No L 139, 30.5.1975, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) In Article 6 (1), '39` is replaced by '51`, and in points (a), (b) and (c) of the same paragraph 'twelve` is replaced by 'sixteen`;

(b) in Article 10 (1), '12` is replaced by '16`.

V. AGRICULTURE

A. GENERAL PROVISIONS

I. Farm Accountancy Data Network

365 R 0079: Council Regulation No 79/65/EEC of 15 June 1965 setting up a network for the collection of accountancy data on the incomes and business operation of agricultural holdings in the European Economic Community (OJ No 109, 23.6.1965, p. 1859/65), as last amended by:

- 390 R 3577: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3577/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 23).

Article 4 (3) is replaced by the following:

'3. The maximum number of returning holdings shall be 80 000 for the Community.

On 1 March 1986, the number of returning holdings shall be:

- 12 000 for Spain; this number shall be gradually increased during the ensuing five years to reach finally 15 000;

- 1 800 for Portugal; this number shall be gradually increased during the ensuing five years to reach finally 3 000.

On 1 March 1995, the number of returning holdings shall be:

- 2 000 for Austria;

- 1 100 for Finland;

- 1 000 for Norway;

- 600 for Sweden; this number shall be increased during the ensuing three years to reach finally 1 000.`

The following sentence is added to Article 5 (1):

'Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall set up the said Committee within a period of 6 months from their accession.`.

II. Statistics

1. 372 L 0280: Council Directive 72/280/EEC of 31 July 1972 on the statistical surveys to be made by Member States on milk and milk products (OJ No L 179, 7.8.1972, p. 2), as last amended by:

- 391 R 1057: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1057/91 of 26 April 1991 (OJ No L 107, 27.4.1991, p. 11).

In Article 4 (2), point 3 (a) is replaced by the following:

'(a) the quantity and fat content of the milk and cream collected. The information must be given separately for each of the territorial divisions listed below and deal with the establishments which have been set up there:

>TABLE>

However, in the case of Greece, provision may be made, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 7, for data to be sent separately according to specific regional districts.`

2. 376 L 0625: Council Directive 76/625/EEC of 20 July 1976 concerning the statistical surveys to be carried out by the Member States in order to determine the production potential of plantations of certain species of fruit trees (OJ No L 218, 11.8.1976, p. 10), as last amended by:

- 391 R 1057: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1057/91 of 26 April 1991 (OJ No L 107, 27.4.1991, p. 11).

In Article 1 (1) the following subparagraph is added:

'Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall carry out the surveys referred to in the preceding subparagraphs for the first time before 31 December 1997.`.

3. 379 R 0357: Council Regulation (EEC) No 357/79 of 5 February 1979 on statistical surveys of areas under vines (OJ No L 54, 5.3.1979, p. 124), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3205: Council Regulation (EC) No 3205/93 of 16 November 1993 (OJ No L 289, 24.11.1993, p. 4).

The following Article 1c is inserted:

'Article 1c

The Republic of Austria shall conduct the first basic survey in 1999. This survey shall cover the situation after grubbing, new planting, or replanting in the 1998/1999 wine-growing year.`

In the first subparagraph of Article 5 (4), 'and the Hellenic Republic` is replaced by 'and the Hellenic Republic and the Republic of Austria`.

At the end of Article 6 (1) is added: 'from 1999/2000 for Austria`.

The first indent of Article 6 (6) is replaced by the following:

'- for the first time before 1 October 1981 for Germany, France and Luxembourg, before 1 October 1984 for Italy and Greece, before 1 October 1991 for Spain and Portugal, and before 1 October 1996 for Austria.`.

4. 382 L 0606: Council Directive 82/606/EEC of 28 July 1982 relating to the organization by the Member States of surveys on the earnings of permanent and seasonal workers employed in agriculture (OJ No L 247, 23.8.1982, p. 22), as last amended by:

- 391 L 0534: Council Directive 91/534/EEC of 14 October 1991 (OJ No L 288, 18.10.1991, p. 36).

The following subparagraph is added to Article 1 (1):

'The survey referred to in the first subparagraph shall be carried out by:

- 31 December 1996, by Finland, Norway and Sweden;

- 31 December 1997, by Austria.`.

Annex I, point 1, is replaced by the following:

'1. For Belgium, Denmark, Germany (except for the Länder of Berlin, Bremen, Hamburg and Saar), Spain, France, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Austria, Finland, Sweden and the United Kingdom: permanent full-time workers.`.

5. 390 R 0837: Council Regulation (EEC) No 837/90 of 26 March 1990 concerning statistical information to be supplied by the Member States on cereals production (OJ No L 88, 3.4.1990, p. 1), as amended by:

- 390 R 3570: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3570/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 8).

Annex III is replaced by the following:

'ANNEX III

>TABLE>

`

6. 393 R 0959: Council Regulation (EEC) No 959/93 of 5 April 1993 concerning statistical information to be supplied by Member States on crop products other than cereals (OJ No L 98, 24.4.1993, p. 1).

(a) Annex VI is replaced by the following:

'ANNEX VI

>TABLE>

`

(b) Annex VIII is replaced by the following:

'ANNEX VIII

AREAS OF MARGINAL, IMPORTANCE AND AREAS TO BE INCLUDED IN THE REGULAR STATISTICAL SURVEY

>TABLE>

`

III. Quality policy

1. 392 R 2081: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2081/92 of 14 July 1992 on the protection of geographical indications and designations or origin for agricultural products and foodstuffs (OJ No L 208, 24.7.1992, p. 1).

The following sentence is added to Article 2 (7), Article 10 (1) and Article 17 (1):

'In the case of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, the above period shall begin from the date of their accession.`

2. 392 R 2082: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2082/92 of 14 July 1992 on certificates of specific character for agricultural products and foodstuffs (OJ No L 208, 24.7.1982, p. 9).

The following sentence is added to Article 7 (4):

'Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall publish such particulars within 6 months of their accession.`.

The following sentence is added to Article 14 (1):

'In the case of Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden the above period shall begin from the date of their accession.`.

B. COMMON ORGANIZATIONS OF THE MARKETS

I. Milk and milk products

1. 368 R 0985: Regulation (EEC) No 985/68 of the Council of 15 July 1968 laying down general rules for intervention on the market in butter and cream (OJ No L 169, 18.7.1968, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 391 R 2045: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2045/91 of 26 June 1991 (OJ No L 187, 13.7.1991, p. 1).

In Article 1 (3) (b), the following indents are added:

' - graded "meierismør" as regards Norwegian butter,

- graded "Teebutter" as regards quality Austrian butter,

- graded "meijerivoi/mejerismör" as regards Finnish butter,

- graded "svenskt smör" as regards Swedish butter.`

2. 387 R 0777: Council Regulation (EEC) No 777/87 of 16 March 1987 modifying the intervention arrangements for butter and skimmed-milk powder (OJ No L 78, 20.3.1987, p. 10), as last amended by:

- 391 R 1634: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1634/91 of 13 June 1991 (OJ No L 150, 15.6.1991, p. 26).

In Article 1 (2), '106 000 tonnes` is replaced by '109 000 tonnes`.

3. 387 R 1898: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1898/87 of 2 July 1987 on the protection of designations used in marketing of milk and milk products (OJ No L 182, 3.7.1987, p. 36), as amended by:

- 388 R 0222: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 222/88 of 22 December 1987 (OJ No L 28, 1.2.1988, p. 1).

The following designations shall be added to the Annex:

' - kulturmelk

- rømme

- prim

- viili/fil

- smetana

- fil`.

4. 392 R 1601: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1601/92 of 15 June 1992 concerning specific measures for the Canary Islands with regard to certain agricultural products (OJ No L 173, 27.6.1992, p. 13), as last amended by:

- 393 R 1974: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1974/93 of 22 July 1993 (OJ No L 180, 23.7.1993, p. 26).

The following subparagraph is added to Article 2:

'The Annex may be amended in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 30 of Regulation (EEC) No 804/68 for the purpose of adding, where appropriate, certain milk products of Norwegian or Swedish origin, meeting the needs of the archipelago and traditionally sent to these islands.`

5. 392 R 3950: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3950/92 of 28 December 1992 establishing an additional levy in the milk and milk products sector (OJ No L 405, 31.12.1992, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 394 R 0647: Commission Regulation (EC) No 647/94 of 23 March 1994 (OJ No L 80, 24.3.1994, p. 16).

In Article 3 (2):

- the table in the first subparagraph is replaced by the following:

' >TABLE>

`

- the following subparagraphs are added:

'The overall quantity for the Austrian deliveries quota may be increased to compensate Austrian "SLOM" producers, up to a maximum of 180 000 tonnes, to be allocated in accordance with Community legislation. This reserve must be non-transferable and used exclusively on behalf of producers whose right to take up production again will be affected as a result of accession.

The overall quantity for the Finnish deliveries quota may be increased to compensate Finnish "SLOM" producers, up to a maximum of 200 000 tonnes, to be allocated in accordance with Community legislation. This reserve must be non-transferable and used exclusively on behalf of producers whose right to take up production again will be affected as a result of accession.

The overall quantity for the Norwegian deliveries quota may be increased to compensate Norwegian "SLOM" producers, up to a maximum of 175 000 tonnes, to be allocated in accordance with Community legislation. This reserve must be non-transferable and used exclusively on behalf of producers whose right to take up production again will be affected as a result of accession.

The increase in overall quantities, and the conditions under which the individual reference quantities provided for in the three preceding subparagraphs shall be granted, shall be decided upon in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 11.`

The following is added as a second subparagraph to Article 4 (1):

'However, for Austria, Finland and Norway, the date of 31 March 1993 shall be replaced by that of 31 March 1995 and for Sweden by that of 31 March 1996.`

The following is added as a second subparagraph to Article 11:

'However, for Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden, the characteristics of the milk considered as representative shall be those of the 1992 calendar year, and the national average representative fat content of the milk delivered shall be set at 3,87 % for Norway, at 4,03 % for Austria, at 4,34 % for Finland and at 4,33 % for Sweden.`

II. Beef and veal

1. 368 R 0805: Council Regulation (EEC) No 805/68 of 27 June 1968 on the common organization of the market in beef and veal (OJ No L 148, 27.6.1968, p. 24), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3611: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3611/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 328, 29.12.1993, p. 7).

The following is inserted as paragraph 3a in Article 4 (b):

'3a. By way of derogation from paragraph 3, third subparagraph, point b, the total number of animals included in all the regional ceilings to be established respectively by Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden shall be set at:

- 423 400 for Austria

- 250 000 for Finland

- 175 000 for Norway

- 250 000 for Sweden.

Pursuant to the procedure provided for in Article 27, the Commission shall adopt the methods for applying this paragraph and in particular the measures necessary for adjustment and transition.`

The following shall be inserted as paragraph 1a in Article 4d:

'1a. By way of derogation from paragraphs 2, 3 and 4, in Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden the individual ceilings shall be allocated to producers from an overall number of rights to the premium reserved for each of these Member States. This overall number of rights shall be set at:

- 325 000 for Austria,

- 55 000 for Finland,

- 50 000 for Norway,

- 155 000 for Sweden.

These figures include both the rights to the premiums to be granted initially and any reserve constituted by these Member States.

Pursuant to the procedure provided for in Article 27, the Commission shall adopt the detailed rules for applying this paragraph and in particular the measures necessary for adjustment and transition.`

2. 390 R 1186: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1186/90 of 7 May 1990 extending the scope of the Community scale for the classification of carcases of adult bovine animals (OJ No L 119, 11.5.1990, p. 32).

Article 1 (1) is supplemented by the following subparagraph:

'In Norway and Finland, the measures provided for in the preceding subparagraph shall be implemented by 1 January 1996.`.

III. Hops

1. 371 R 1696: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1696/71 of 26 July 1971 on the common organization of the market in hops (OJ No L 175, 4.8.1971, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 R 3124: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3124/92 of 26 October 1992 (OJ No L 313, 30.10.1992, p. 1).

The following sentence is added to Article 17 (6):

'For Austria, the period shall be 5 years from the date of accession`.

2. 377 R 1784: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1784/77 of 19 July 1977 concerning the certification of hops (OJ No L 200, 28.8.1977, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 1987: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1987/93 of 19 July 1993 (OJ No L 182, 24.7.1993, p. 1).

The following sentence is added to Article 9: 'Austria shall communicate that information within 3 months from its accession`.

3. 382 R 1981: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1981/82 of 19 July 1982 drawing up the list of Community regions in which production aid for hops is granted only to recognized producer groups (OJ No L 215, 23.7.1982, p. 3), as last amended by:

- 392 R 3337: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3337/92 of 16 November 1992 (OJ No L 336, 20.11.1992, p. 2).

The following region is added to the list in the Annex:

'Österreich`.

IV. Seeds

371 R 2358: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2358/71 of 26 October 1971 on the common organization of the market in seeds (OJ No L 246, 5.11.1971, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3375: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3375/93 of 9 December 1993 (OJ No L 303, 10.12.1993, p. 9).

The following subparagraphs are added to Article 8:

'However, subject to authorization by the Commission, Norway and Finland may grant aid respectively:

- for certain quantities of seeds

- for certain quantities of cereal seed

produced solely in these countries, because of their specific climatic conditions.

Within a period of three years as from accession, the Commission shall, on the basis of information supplied in good time by the two abovementioned Member States, forward to the Council a report on the results of the aid authorized, accompanied, where appropriate, by any necessary proposals. The Council shall act in accordance with the procedure referred to in Article 3 (4).`

V. Eggs and poultry

375 R 2782: Regulation (EEC) No 2782/75 of the Council of 29 October 1975 on the production and marketing of eggs for hatching and of farmyard poultry chicks (OJ No L 282, 1.11.1975, p. 100), as last amended by:

- 391 R 1057: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1057/91 of 26 April 1991 (OJ No L 107, 27.4.1991, p. 11).

(a) The wording of Article 5 (2) is replaced by the following:

'2. Eggs for hatching shall be transported in perfectly clean packs, containing only eggs for hatching of the same species, category and type of poultry, originating in one establishment and bearing at least the words "oeufs à couver", "broedeieren", "rugeaeg", "Bruteier", "áõãÜ ðñïò åêêüëáøéí", "huevos para incubar", "eggs for hatching", "uova da cova", "rugeegg", "ovos para incubação", "munia haudottavaksi" or "kläckägg".`

(b) The wording of Article 6 shall be replaced by the following:

'Article 6

Eggs for hatching from third countries may be imported only if they bear, in type at least 3 mm high, the name of the country of origin and the printed words "à couver", "broedei", "rugeaeg", "Brutei", "ðñïò åêêüëáøéí", "para incubar", "hatching", "cova", "rugeegg", "para incubação", "haudottavaksi", "för kläckning". Their packings must contain only eggs for hatching of the same species, category and type of poultry from the same country of origin and sender, and must bear at least the following particulars:

(a) the information shown on the eggs;

(b) the species of poultry from which the eggs come;

(c) the sender's name or business name and address.`

VI. Sugar

1. 368 R 0206: Council Regulation (EEC) No 206/68 of 20 February 1968 laying down outline provisions for contracts and inter-trade agreements on the purchase of beet (OJ No L 47, 23.2.1968, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) Article 5 (4) is replaced by the following:

'4. However, when in Denmark, Spain, Finland, Greece, Ireland, Portugal and the United Kingdom the sugar beet is delivered free of charge at the sugar factory, the contract shall provide for the manufacturer to share in the costs of transport and shall determine the percentage or the amount thereof.`

(b) The following is added to Article 8a:

'In respect of Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden, the words:

- "1967/68 marketing year" referred to in Articles 4 (2), 5 (2), 6 (2) and 10 (2) shall be replaced by: "1994/95 marketing year",

- "prior to the 1968/69 sugar marketing year" referred to in Articles 5 (3) and 8 (d) is replaced by: "prior to the 1995/96 marketing year." `.

2. 381 R 1785: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1785/81 of 30 June 1981 on the common organization of the markets in the sugar sector (OJ No L 177, 1.7.1981, p. 4), as last amended by:

- 394 R 0133: Council Regulation (EEC) No 133/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 22, 27.1.1994, p. 7).

(a) The following paragraph is added to Article 16a:

'(2a) For the first year following accession, Finland may import raw sugar from third countries at a reduced levy subject to a maximum limit of 40 000 tonnes.

The provisions of the preceding subparagraph shall be reviewed in the context of the revision of this regulation, to be carried out before the end of the 1994/95 marketing year.`

(b) Article 16a (7), first subparagraph, is replaced by the following:

'7. Applications for the certificates referred to in paragraph 6 shall be submitted to the competent agency in Portugal and Finland and be accompanied by a declaration from a refiner to the effect that the latter undertakes to refine the quantity of raw sugar concerned in Portugal and Finland within six months following the month in which it was imported.`.

(c) In Article 16a (10) the opening words shall be replaced by the following:

'10. Portugal and Finland shall communicate to the Commission:`

(d) The first subparagraph of Article 24 (1) is replaced by the following:

'1. Under the conditions of the present title, the Member States shall allocate an A and B quota to each undertaking producing sugar and to each undertaking producing isoglucose which is established on its territory and has:

- either been provided with an A and B quota during the 1993/94 marketing year,

- or, as regards Austria, Finland and Sweden, has produced sugar or isoglucose during the 1994 calendar year.`.

(e) Article 24 (2) is replaced by the following:

'2. For the allocation of the A and B quotas referred to in paragraph 1 the basic quantities shall be fixed as follows:

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

`.

(f) In Article 24 (3) the following is added as the second and third subparagraphs:

'However, as regards sugar producing undertakings established in:

(a) Austria, the A and B quota of the sugar producer shall be equal to the base A and base B quantities respectively laid down in paragraph 2, point I (a) and point II (a) for Austria;

(b) Finland, the A and B quota of the sugar producer shall be equal to the base A and base B quantities respectively laid down in paragraph 2, point I (a) and point II (a) for Finland;

(c) Sweden, the A and B quota of the sugar producer shall be equal to the base A and base B quantities respectively laid down in paragraph 2, point I (a) and point II (a) for Sweden.

As regards the producer of isoglucose established in Finland, its A and B quota shall be equal to the base A and B quantities respectively laid down in paragraph 2 point I (b) and point II (b) for Finland.`

VII. Wine and spirit drinks

1. 386 R 2392: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2392/86 of 24 July 1986 establishing a Community vineyard register (OJ No L 208, 31.7.1986, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 390 R 3577: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3577/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 23).

The following sentence is added to Article 4 (1), first subparagraph:

'In Austria it shall be established within 2 years from the date of accession`.

2. 387 R 0822: Council Regulation (EEC) No 822/87 of 16 March 1987 on the common organization of the market in wine (OJ No L 84, 27.3.1987, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 1566: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1566/93 of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 154, 25.6.1993, p. 39).

In Article 9 (1), second subparagraph under (a), first indent, 'and Austria` is added after 'in Germany`.

3. 387 R 0823: Council Regulation (EEC) No 823/87 of 16 March 1987 laying down special provisions relating to quality wines produced in specified regions (OJ No L 84, 27.3.1987, p. 59), as last amended by:

- 391 R 3896: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3896/91 of 16 December 1991 (OJ No L 368, 31.12.1991, p. 3).

The following point is added to Article 15 (2):

'(h) for Austria:

the following terms which accompany an indication of the origin of the wine:

- "Qualitätswein mit staatlicher Prüfnummer", "Qualitätswein"

- "Kabinett" or "Kabinettwein"

- "Qualitätswein besonderer Reife und Leseart" or "Prädikatswein"

- "Spätlese" or "Spätlesewein"

- "Auslese" or "Auslesewein"

- "Beerenauslese" or "Beerenauslesewein"

- "Ausbruch" or "Ausbruchwein"

- "Trockenbeerenauslese" or "Trockenbeerenauslesewein"

- "Eiswein", "Strohwein".`

4. 389 R 1576: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1576/89 of 29 May 1989 laying down general rules on the definition, description and presentation of spirit drinks (OJ No L 160, 12.6.1989, p. 1), as amended by:

- 392 R 3280: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3280/92 of 9 November 1992 (OJ No L 327, 13.11.1992, p. 3).

(a) The following is inserted as point (3) in Article 1 (4) (r):

'(3) The name "Jägertee", "Jagertee" and "Jagatee" shall be reserved for the liqueur originating in Austria and prepared from ethyl alcohol of agricultural origin, essences of certain spirit drinks or tea, with the addition of several natural flavouring substances such as those defined in Article 1 (2) (b) (i) of Directive 88/388/EEC. The alcoholic strength shall be at least 22,5 % vol. The sugar content, expressed as invert sugar, shall be at least 100 grammes per litre.`

(b) The following is added to Article 1 (4) as (u):

'(u) Väkevä glögi/Spritglögg

A spirit drink produced by flavouring ethyl alcohol of agricultural origin with natural or nature identical aroma of cloves and/or cinnamon using one of the following processes: maceration and/or distillation, redistillation of the alcohol in the presence of parts of the plants specified above, addition of natural or nature identical flavour of cloves or cinnamon or a combination of these methods.

Other natural or nature identical plant extracts of flavours in conformity with Directive 88/388/EEC may also be used, but the flavour of the specified spices must be predominant. The content of wine or wine products may not exceed 50 percent.`

(c) In Article 4 (5), second subparagraph (a), the following indents are added:

' - cloudberry,

- arctic bramble,

- cranberry,

- lingonberry,

- sea buckthorn;`

(d) In Annex II: the following are added to

'5. Brandy`:

'Wachauer Weinbrand, Weinbrand Dürnstein`;

the following are added to '7. Fruit spirit`:

'Wachauer Marillenbrand`;

the following are added to '12. Caraway-flavoured spirit drinks`:

'Norsk Akevitt/Norsk Akvavit/Norsk Aquavit/Norwegian Aquavit`

'Svensk Aquavit/Svensk Akvavit/Swedish Aquavit`;

the following are added to '14. Liqueur`:

'Finnish berry/fruit liqueur

Großglockner Alpenbitter

Mariazeller Magenlikör

Mariazeller Jagasaftl

Puchheimer Bitter

Puchheimer Schlossgeist

Steinfelder Magenbitter

Wachauer Marillenlikör`;

the following is added to '15. Spirit drinks`:

'Svensk Punsch/Swedish Punsch`;

the following is added as point 16:

'16. Vodka: Norsk Vodka/Norwegian Vodka

Svensk Vodka/Swedish Vodka

Suomalainen Vodka/Finsk Vodka/ Vodka of Finland`.

5. 389 R 2389: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2389/89 of 24 July 1989 on general rules for the classification of vine varieties (OJ No L 232, 9.8.1989, p. 1), as amended by:

- 390 R 3577: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3577/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 23).

In Article 3 (1) the following indent is inserted before:

'- the region in Portugal,`:

'- Bundesland in Austria,`.

6. 389 R 2392: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2392/89 of 24 July 1989 laying down general rules for the description and presentation of wines and grape musts (OJ No L 232, 9.8.1989, p. 13), as last amended by:

- 391 R 3897: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3897/91 of 16 December 1991 (OJ No L 368, 31.12.1991, p. 5).

In Article 2 (3), the first indent in (i) is replaced by:

'- "Landwein" for table wines originating in the Federal Republic of Germany and the Republic of Austria,`.

7. 389 R 3677: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3677/89 of 7 December 1989 on the total alcoholic strength by volume and the total acidity of certain imported quality wines and repealing Regulation (EEC) No 2931/80 (OJ No L 360, 9.12.1989, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 2606: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2606/93 of 21 September 1993 (OJ No L 239, 24.9.1993, p. 6).

Article 1 (1) (a) is deleted with effect from 1 March 1995.

8. 391 R 1601: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1601/91 of 10 June 1991 laying down general rules on the definition, description and presentation of aromatized wines, aromatized wine-based drinks and aromatized wine-product cocktails (OJ No L 149, 14.6.1991, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 R 3279: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3279/92 of 9 November 1992 (OJ No L 327, 13.11.1992, p. 1).

(a) The following is added as (d) to Article 2 (2):

'(d) Väkevä viiniglögi/Starkvinsglögg

An aromatized wine which has been prepared from wine as referred to in paragraph 1 (a), the characteristic taste of which is obtained by the use of cloves and/or cinnamon which must always be used together with other spices; this drink may be sweetened according to Article 3 (a).'

(b) The following is inserted as (f) a and (f) b in Article 2 (3):

' (f)a Viiniglögi/Vinglögg

An aromatized drink obtained exclusively from red or white wine and sugar, flavoured mainly with cinnamon and/or cloves. Where it has been prepared from white wine, the sales description "Viiniglögi/Vinglögg" must be supplemented by the words "white wine".

(f)b Gløgg

An aromatized drink obtained exclusively from red or white wine and sugar, flavoured mainly with cinnamon and/or cloves. Where it has been prepared from white wine, the sales description "Gløgg" must be supplemented by the words "white wine".`

9. 392 R 2333: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2333/92 of 13 July 1992 laying down general rules for the description and presentation of sparkling wines and aerated sparkling wines (OJ No L 231, 13.8.1992, p. 9).

In Article 6 (6), first subparagraph, point (a) is replaced by the following text:

'(a) the term "Winzersekt" shall be reserved for quality sparkling wines psr produced in Germany and the term "Hauersekt" shall be reserved for quality sparkling wines psr produced in Austria, which both are:

- produced from grapes harvested in the same vineyard, including producer groups, where the producer, as defined in Article 5 (4), makes into wine grapes intended for the preparation of quality sparkling wines psr,

- marketed by the producer referred to in the first indent and made available with labels indicating the vineyard, the vine variety and the year.`

VIII. Sheepmeat and goatmeat

1. 385 R 3643: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3643/85 of 19 December 1985 concerning the import arrangements applicable to certain third countries in the sheepmeat and goatmeat sector as from 1986 (OJ No L 348, 24.12.1985, p. 2), as last amended by:

- 392 R 3890: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3890/92 of 28 December 1992 (OJ No L 391, 31.12.1992, p. 51).

In footnote (a) to Article 1 (1) 'Austria` is deleted.

2. 389 R 3013: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3013/89 of 25 September 1989 on the common organization of the market in sheepmeat and goatmeat (OJ No L 289, 7.10.1989, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 394 R 0233: Regulation (EC) No 233/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 30, 3.2.1994, p. 9).

The following Articles are inserted:

'Article 5e

1. By way of derogation from Article 5a (1), (2), (3), (4) (a), (5) and (6), an overall ceiling for grant of the premium referred to in Article 5 shall be set for Austria, Finland and Sweden. The total number of entitlements within that ceiling shall be set at:

- 205 651 for Austria,

- 80 000 for Finland,

- 180 000 for Sweden.

These figures include both the quantities to be allocated initially and any reserve established by these Member States.

2. On the basis of the above ceilings individual limits shall be assigned to producers in Austria, Finland and Sweden, at the latest on:

- 31 December 1996 for Austria,

- 31 December 1995 for Finland and Sweden.

3. The Commission shall adopt detailed implementing rules for this Article, and in particular the necessary adjusting and transitional measures, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 30.`

'Article 5f

1. By way of derogation from Article 5a (1), (2), (3), (4) (a), (5) and (6), an overall ceiling for grant of the premium referred to in Article 5 shall be set for Norway. The total number of entitlements within that ceiling shall be set at:

- 1 040 000 for eligible ewes, and

- a number to be determined, before 30 September 1995 and in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 30, for eligible goats. The number shall be determined in accordance with Article 5 (5) of this Regulation and Article 1 (5) of Regulation (EEC) No 3493/90, on the basis of premiums granted in 1991 according to the national support register (PRODUKSJONSTILLEGGSREGISTERET) and shall be applicable from the 1995 marketing year.

The figures set under this paragraph include both the quantities to be allocated initially and any reserve established by Norway.

2. On the basis of the above ceiling individual limits shall be assigned to producers in Norway at the latest on 31 December 1995.

3. The Commission shall adopt detailed implementing rules for this Article, and in particular the necessary adjusting and transitional measures, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 30.`

IX. Arable crops

392 R 1765: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1765/92 of 30 June 1992 establishing a support system for producers of certain arable crops (OJ No L 181, 1.7.1992, p. 12), as last amended by:

- 394 R 0232: Council Regulation (EC) No 232/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 30, 3.2.1994, p. 7).

In Article 12, first subparagraph, the following indent is added:

'- those relating to the determination of the reference areas to be laid down in Annex V for new Member States.`

X. Cereals

392 R 1766: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1766/92 of 30 June 1992 on the common organization of the market in cereals (OJ No L 181, 1.7.1992, p. 21), as last amended by:

- 393 R 2193: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2193/93 of 28 July 1993 (OJ No L 196, 5.8.1993, p. 22).

(a) Article 4 (2), after the first indent insert:

' - from 1 December to 30 June in the case of Sweden.

In the event of the intervention period in Sweden leading to the diversion of the products referred to in paragraph 1 from other Member States into intervention in Sweden, the Commission shall adopt detailed rules to rectify the position in accordance with Article 23.`

(b) In Article 7 (1) the following subparagraph is inserted after the first subparagraph:

'In the absence of a significant domestic production of other cereals for the production of starch, a production refund may be granted for starch obtained in Finland and Sweden from barley and oats, insofar as it does not entail an increase in the level of starch production from these two cereals, above:

- 50 000 tonnes in Finland,

- 10 000 tonnes in Sweden.`

XI. Tobacco

392 R 2075: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2075/92 of 30 June 1992 on the common organization of the market in raw tobacco (OJ No L 215, 30.7.1992, p. 70).

In the first subparagraph of Article 8 the figure '350 000` is replaced by '350 600`.

XII. Remainder

368 R 0827: Council Regulation (EEC) No 827/68 of 28 June 1968 on the common organization of the market in certain products listed in Annex II to the Treaty (OJ No L 151, 30.6.1968, p. 16), as last amended by:

- 393 R 2430: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2430/93 of 1 September 1993 (OJ No L 223, 2.9.1993, p. 9).

The following is added to Article 5:

'Nevertheless, subject to Commission authorization, aids for the production and marketing of reindeer and reindeer products (CN ex 0208 and ex 0210) may be granted by Finland, Norway and Sweden insofar as they do not entail any increase in traditional levels of production.`

C. AGRICULTURAL STRUCTURES AND MEASURES ACCOMPANYING THE COMMON AGRICULTURAL POLICY

1. 375 L 0268: Council Directive 75/268/EEC of 28 April 1975 on mountain and hill farming and farming in certain less-favoured areas (OJ No L 128, 19.5.1975, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 385 R 0797: Council Regulation (EEC) No 797/85 of 12 March 1985 (OJ No L 93, 30.3.1985, p. 1).

Article 3 (3) is supplemented by the following subparagraph:

'The areas above the 62nd Parallel and some adjacent areas shall be treated as areas provided for in the first subparagraph, insofar as they are affected by very difficult climatic conditions the effect of which is substantially to shorten the growing season.`.

2. 378 R 1360: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1360/78 of 19 June 1978 on producer groups and associations thereof (OJ No L 166, 23.6.1978, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3669: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3669/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 338, 31.12.1993, p. 26).

(a) In Article 2 the following indent is added:

'- the whole of Austria, Norway and Finland.`.

(b) In Article 3 (1) the introductory phrase is replaced by the following:

'1. In the case of Italy, Greece, Spain, Portugal, Norway, Austria and Finland this Regulation shall apply to the following products provided that such products are produced in those countries:`.

3. 390 R 0866: Council Regulation (EEC) No 866/90 of 29 March 1990 on improving the processing and marketing conditions for agricultural products (OJ No L 91, 6.4.1990, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3669: Council Regulation (EC) No 3669/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 338, 31.12.1993, p. 26).

The following sentence is added to Article 3 (2):

'Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall submit such plans within 3 months of their accession.`.

4. 391 R 2328: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91 of 15 July 1991 on improving the efficiency of agricultural structures (OJ No L 218, 6.8.1991, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3669: Council Regulation (EC) No 3669/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 338, 31.12.1993, p. 26).

(a) In Article 19 the following paragraph is added:

'4. In Finland, for the purpose of applying this Article, all the less-favoured areas shall be considered as mountain area within the meaning of Article 3 (3) of Directive 75/268/EEC.`

(b) The following sentence is inserted after the first subparagraph of Article 31 (1):

'Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall establish such forecasts for 1995-1999.`.

(c) The following sentence is inserted after the first subparagraph of Article 31 (4):

'Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall communicate such forecasts within three months of their accession.`.

5. 392 R 2078: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2078/92 of 30 June 1992 on agricultural production methods compatible with the requirements of the protection of the environment and the maintenance of the countryside (OJ No L 215, 30.6.1992, p. 85).

The following subparagraph is added to Article 7 (1):

'Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall communicate the drafts and provisions provided for in the first subparagraph to the Commission within 6 months of their accession.`.

6. 392 R 2080: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2080/92 of 30 June 1992 instituting a Community aid scheme for forestry measures in agriculture (OJ No L 215, 30.6.1992, p. 96).

The following subparagraph is added to Article 5 (1):

'Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden shall communicate the texts referred to in the first subparagraph within 6 months of their accession.`.

D. LEGISLATION ON PLANT HEALTH AND ORGANIC FARMING

I. Plant health

1. 377 L 0093: Council Directive 77/93/EEC of 21 December 1976 on protective measures against the introduction into the Community of organisms harmful to plant or plant products and against their spread within the Community (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 20), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0110: Commission Directive 93/110/EC of 9 December 1993 (OJ No L 303, 10.12.1993, p. 19).

(a) Annex I, Part B, is hereby amended as follows:

- In section (a), point 1, the letters 'S, FI` are added to the righthand column.

- In section (a), the following is added after point 1:

'1a. Globodera pallida FI (Stone) Behrens `.

- In section (a), point 2, the following is added to the righthand column:

'S (Malmöhus, Kristianstads, Blekinge, Kalmar and Gotlands län)`.

- In section (b), point 1, the letters 'S, FI` are added to the righthand column.

- In section (b), point 2, the letters 'S, FI` are added to the righthand column.

(b) Annex II, Part B, is hereby amended as follows:

In section (b), point 2, the letters 'A, FI, N` are added to the righthand column.

(c) Annex III, Part B, is amended as follows:

In point 1, the letters 'A, FI, N` are added to the righthand column.

(d) Annex IV Part B is hereby amended as follows:

- The letters 'S, FI` are added to the righthand column of points 20.1, 20.2, 22, 23, 24, 25.1, 25.2, 26, 27 and 30.

- The following is added after point 20.2:

>TABLE>

- The letters ' A, FI, N` are added to the righthand column of point 21.

2. 392 L 0076: Commission Directive 92/76/EEC of 6 October 1992 recognizing protected zones exposed to particular plant health risks in the Community (OJ No L 305, 21.10.1992, p. 12).

(a) The following is hereby added to Article 1:

'In the case of the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden, the said zones shall be recognized until 31 December 1996.`

(b) The Annex is hereby amended as follows:

(i) In section (a), point 2, the following is added to the right hand column:

'Finland, Sweden`.

(ii) In section (a), the following is added after point 5:

>TABLE>

(iii) In section (a), point 12, the following are added to the right hand column:

'Sweden (Malmöhus, Kristianstads, Blekinge, Kalmar, Gotlands län).`

(iv) In section (b), point 2, the following is added to the right hand column:

'Austria, Finland, Norway`.

(v) In section (d), point 1, the following is added to the right hand column:

'Finland, Sweden`.

(vi) In section (d), point 2, the following is added to the right hand column:

'Finland, Sweden`.

II. Organic farming

391 R 2092: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2092/91 of 24 June 1991 on organic production of agricultural products and indications referring thereto on agricultural products and foodstuffs (OJ No L 198, 22.7.1991, p. 1), as amended by:

- 392 R 0094: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 94/92 of 14 January 1992 (OJ No L 11, 17.1.1992, p. 14),

- 392 R 1535: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1535/92 of 15 June 1992 (OJ No L 162, 16.6.1992, p. 15),

- 392 R 2083: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2083/92 of 14 July 1992 (OJ No L 208, 24.7.1992, p. 15),

- 393 R 2608: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2608/93 of 23 September 1993 (OJ No L 239, 24.9.1993, p. 10),

- 394 R 0468: Commission Regulation (EC) No 468/94 of 2 March 1994 (OJ No L 59, 3.3.1994, p. 1).

(a) In Article 2 the following indents are added:

'>TABLE>

`

(b) Annex V is amended as follows:

(i) the German text reads as follows:

'>TABLE>

`

(ii) the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`.

E. VETERINARY AND ZOOTECHNICAL LEGISLATION

I. Veterinary legislation

Part 1 - Basic texts

CHAPTER 1

Horizontal texts

1. 390 L 0675: Council Directive 90/675/EEC of 10 December 1990 laying down the principles governing the organization of veterinary checks on products entering the Community from third countries (OJ No L 373, 31.12.1990, p. 1), as amended by:

- 391 L 0496: Council Directive 91/496/EEC of 15 July 1991 (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 56),

- 392 R 1601: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1601/92 of 15 June 1992 (OJ No L 173, 27.6.1992, p. 13),

- 392 D 0438: Council Decision 92/438/EEC of 13 July 1992 (OJ No L 243, 25.8.1992, p. 27),

- 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 49).

(a) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 18a

1. Austria shall have a period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty to introduce the checking system provided for in this Chapter. During that transitional period, Austria shall apply the measures which will be determined before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 24. These measures must ensure that all the necessary checks are carried out as close as possible to the Community's external frontier.

2. Finland shall have a period of two years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty to introduce the checking system provided for in this Chapter. During that transitional period, Finland shall apply the measures which will be determined before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 24. These measures must ensure that all the necessary checks are carried out as close as possible to the Community's external frontier.`

(b) In Article 31, after 'Member States` insert: 'in particular Austria and Finland`.

(c) In Annex I the following text is added:

' 13. the territory of the Republic of Austria

14. the territory of the Republic of Finland

15. the territory of the Kingdom of Norway

16. the territory of the Kingdom of Sweden.`.

2. 391 L 0496: Council Directive 91/496/EEC of 15 July 1991 laying down the principles governing the organization of veterinary checks on animals entering the Community from third countries and amending Directives 89/662/EEC, 90/425/EEC and 90/675/EEC (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 56), as amended by:

- 391 L 0628: Council Directive 91/628/EEC of 19 November 1991 (OJ No L 340, 11.12.1991, p. 17),

- 392 D 0438: Council Decision 92/438/EEC of 13 July 1992 (OJ No L 243, 25.8.1992, p. 27).

(a) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 17a

Austria and Finland shall have a period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty to introduce the checking system provided for in this Chapter. During that transitional period, Austria and Finland shall apply the measures which will be determined before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 23. These measures must ensure that all the necessary checks are carried out as close as possible to the Community's external frontier.`

(b) In Article 29, after 'Member States` insert:

'in particular Austria and Finland`.

CHAPTER 2

Animal health

A. TRADE AND PLACING ON THE MARKET

1. 364 L 0432: Council Directive 64/432/EEC of 26 June 1964 on animal health problems affecting intra-Community trade in bovine animals and swine (OJ No 121, 29.7.1964, p. 1977/64), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0102: Council Directive 92/102/EEC of 27 November 1992 (OJ No L 355, 5.12.1992, p. 32).

(a) In Article 2 (o) the following text is added:

' - Austria: Bundesland

- Finland: Lääni / län

- Norway: fylke

- Sweden: län`.

(b) In Article 3 (2) (e) the following is added:

'However, until 1 January 1996, bovine animals and swine originating in Finland and Norway may be identified by a mark officially approved by the competent authority of each of those Member States. The competent Finnish and Norwegian authorities shall forward to the Commission and the other Member States all information concerning the characteristics of the officially approved mark.`

(c) In Article 4a (3) the following subparagraph is added:

'Furthermore, during a transitional period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, a serological test with a negative result must be carried out on all live suidae, including wild pigs, for consignments for Finland, from a region as defined in Article 2 (o) in which an outbreak of swine vesicular disease has occurred. This test will be required for a period of twelve months after the occurrence of the last outbreak in that region.`

(d) In Article 4b the following subparagraph is added:

'In addition, during a transitional period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, a serological test with a negative result must be carried out on all live suidae, including wild pigs, for consignments for Finland, Norway or Sweden, from a region as defined in Article 2 (o) in which an outbreak of classical swine fever has occurred. This test will be required for a period of twelve months after the occurrence of the last outbreak in that region. If necessary, detailed rules for applying this subparagraph may be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12.`

(e) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 8a

As regards porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome and during a transitional period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, a serological test with a negative result must be carried out on all live suidae, including wild pigs, for consignments for Sweden, from a region as defined in Article 2 (o) in which an outbreak of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome has been officially recorded. This test will be required for a period of twelve months after the occurrence of the last outbreak in that region. Detailed rules for applying this Article shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12.`

(f) In Article 9 the following paragraphs are added:

'4. The Commission shall examine as quickly as possible the programmes submitted by Sweden as regards infectious bovine rhinotracheitis/infectious pustular vaginitis (IBR/IPV) in bovine animals and Aujeszky's disease in swine. Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted as quickly as possible. Pending those decisions Sweden may, during a period of one year from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, apply its national rules in force before that date as regards the abovementioned diseases. The period of one year may if necessary be extended in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12.

5. The Commission shall examine the programme submitted by Austria as regards infectious bovine rhinotracheitis/infectious pustular vaginitis (IBR/IPV) in bovine animals. Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

6. The Commission shall examine the programmes submitted by Finland and Norway as regards infectious bovine rhinotracheitis/infectious pustular vaginitis (IBR/IPV) in bovine animals and Aujeszky's disease in swine. Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

(g) In Article 10 the following paragraphs are added:

'4. The Commission shall examine as quickly as possible the grounds submitted by Sweden as regards paratuberculosis, leptospirosis (leptospirosa hardjo), campylobacteriosis (genital form) and trichomonosis (foetal infection) in bovine animals and transmissible gastroenteritis, leptospirosis (leptospirosa pomona) and epidemic diarrhoea in swine. Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted as quickly as possible. Pending those decisions Sweden may, during a period of one year from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, apply its national rules in force before that date as regards the abovementioned diseases. The period of one year may if necessary be extended in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12.

5. The Commission shall examine the grounds submitted by Finland and Norway as regards infectious bovine rhinotrachitis/infectious pustular vaginitis (IBR/IPV) in bovine animals and Aujeszky's disease in swine. Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

(h) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 10a

1. As regards salmonella and pending the entry into force of amendments which will be made to this Directive, bovine animals and swine for breeding, production or slaughter intended for Finland, Norway and Sweden shall, at the place of destination, be subject to the rules of the operational programme applied by those Member States. If the animals are recognized as positive, they shall be subject to the same measures as those applicable to animals originating in those Member States. These measures shall not be applied to animals from holdings subject to a programme recognized as equivalent in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12.

2. The guarantees laid down in paragraph 1 shall be applicable only after approval by the Commission of an operational programme to be submitted by Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Commission's decisions must be taken before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty so that the operational programmes and guarantees provided for in paragraph 1 are applicable on the entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

(i) in Annex B (12) the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`

(j) in Annex C (9) the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`

(k) in Annex F, in note 4 concerning model I, note 5 concerning model II, note 4 concerning model III and note 5 concerning model IV, the following text is added:

'>TABLE>

`

(l) in Annex G, Chapter II, (A) (2), the following text is added:

'>TABLE>

`

2. 391 L 0068: Council Directive 91/68/EEC of 28 January 1991 on animal health conditions governing intra-Community trade in ovine and caprine animals (OJ No L 46, 19.2.1991, p. 19).

(a) In Article 8 the following paragraph is added:

'4. The Commission shall examine as quickly as possible the grounds submitted by Sweden as regards ovine paratuberculosis and ovine contagious agalactia. Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted as quickly as possible. Pending those decisions Sweden may, during a period of one year from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, apply its national rules in force before that date as regards the abovementioned diseases. The period of one year may if necessary be extended in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 15.`

(b) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 8a

As regards Finland and Norway, for the purposes of applying Articles 7 and 8 and at their request, the Commission shall organize the necessary examinations for the diseases listed in Annex B, headings II and III, so that the appropriate decisions may be adopted, if necessary, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 15 before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

(c) In Annex A, Chapter 1, II, 2 (i), the following sentence is added:

'This provision shall be reviewed before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty with a view to its possible amendment, to be carried out in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 15.`

3. 390 L 0426: Council Directive 90/426/EEC of 26 June 1990 on animal health conditions governing the movement and import from third countries of equidae (OJ No L 224, 18.8.1990, p. 42), as amended by:

- 390 L 0425: Council Directive 90/425/EEC of 26 June 1990 (OJ No L 224, 18.8.1990, p. 29),

- 391 L 0496: Council Directive 91/496/EEC of 15 July 1991 (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 56),

- 392 D 0130: Commission Decision 92/130/EEC of 13 February 1992 (OJ No L 47, 22.2.1992, p. 26),

- 392 L 0036: Council Directive 92/36/EEC of 29 April 1992 (OJ No L 157, 10.6.1992, p. 28).

In footnote (c) to Annex C the following text is added:

'>TABLE>

`

4. 390 L 0539: Council Directive 90/539/EEC of 15 October 1990 on animal health conditions governing intra-Community trade in, and imports from third countries of, poultry and hatching eggs (OJ No L 303, 31.10.1990, p. 6), as amended by:

- 391 L 0494: Council Directive 91/494/EEC of 26 June 1991 (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 35),

- 392 D 0369: Commission Decision 92/369/EEC of 24 June 1992 (OJ No L 195, 14.7.1992, p. 25),

- 393 L 0120: Council Directive 93/120/EEC of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 340, 31.12.1993, p. 35).

(a) In Article 5 the following point is added:

'(d) as regards salmonella, poultry intended for Finland, Norway and Sweden must fulfil the conditions laid down pursuant to Articles 9a, 9b and 10b.`

(b) The following Articles are inserted:

'Article 9a

1. As regards salmonella, Finland, Norway and Sweden may submit to the Commission an operational programme concerning flocks of breeding poultry and flocks of day-old chicks intended to be introduced into flocks of breeding poultry or flocks of productive poultry.

2. The Commission shall examine the operational programmes. Following that examination and if it is justified, the Commission shall, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 32, specify the additional general or limited guarantees which may be required for consignments to Finland, Norway and Sweden. Those guarantees must be equivalent to those which Finland, Norway and Sweden implement respectively at national level. The appropriate decisions shall be adopted before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Article 9b

1. As regards salmonella and pending the adoption of Community rules, Finland, Norway and Sweden may submit to the Commission an operational programme concerning flocks of laying hens (productive poultry reared to produce eggs for consumption).

2. The Commission shall examine the operational programmes. Following that examination and if it is justified, the Commission shall, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 32, specify the additional general or limited guarantees which may be required for consignments to Finland, Norway and Sweden. Those guarantees must be equivalent to those which Finland, Norway and Sweden implement respectively at national level. In addition, these guarantees shall take into account the opinion of the Scientific Veterinary Committee as regards serotypes of salmonella to be included in the list of invasive serotypes for poultry. The appropriate decisions shall be adopted before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

(c) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 10b

1. As regards salmonella and in respect of serotypes not mentioned in Annex II, Chapter III (A), consignments of poultry for slaughter for Finland, Norway and Sweden shall be subject to a microbiological test by sampling in the establishment of origin in accordance with rules to be laid down by the Council acting on a proposal from the Commission before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

2. The range of the test referred to in paragraph 1 and the methods to be adopted must be determined in the light of the opinion of the Scientific Veterinary Committee and of the operational programme which Finland, Norway and Sweden must submit to the Commission.

3. The test referred to in paragraph 1 shall not be carried out for slaughter poultry from a holding subject to a programme recognized as equivalent to that referred to in paragraph 2 under the procedure laid down in Article 32.`

(d) In Article 12 (2) the following subparagraph is added:

'As regards Finland, Norway and Sweden, the appropriate decisions concerning the status of "non-vaccination zone against Newcastle disease" shall be adopted under the procedure laid down in Article 32 before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

(e) In Article 13 the following paragraph is added:

'4. The Commission shall examine as quickly as possible the programme submitted by Sweden as regards infectious bronchitis (IB). Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted as quickly as possible. Pending those decisions Sweden may, during a period of one year from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, apply its national rules in force before that date as regards the abovementioned diseases. The period of one year may if necessary be extended in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 32.`

(f) In Article 14 the following paragraph is added:

'4. The Commission shall examine as quickly as possible the grounds submitted by Sweden as regards turkey rhinotracheitis (TRT), swollenhead syndrome (SHS), infectious laryngotracheitis (ILT), egg-drop syndrome 76 (EDS 76) and fowl pox. Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted as quickly as possible. Pending those decisions Sweden may, during a period of one year from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, apply its national rules in force before that date as regards the abovementioned diseases. The period of one year may if necessary be extended in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 32.`

(g) In Annex I (1) the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`.

5. 391 L 0067: Council Directive 91/67/EEC of 28 January 1991 concerning the animal health conditions governing the placing on the market of aquaculture animals and products (OJ No L 46, 19.2.1991, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 L 0054: Council Directive 93/54/EEC of 24 June 1993 (OJ No L 175, p. 34).

(a) In Article 12 the following paragraph is added:

'4. The Commission shall examine as quickly as possible the programmes submitted by Sweden as regards infectious pancreatic necrosis (IPN), corynebacteriosis or BKD, furunculosis and yersiniosis or red-mouth disease or ERM. Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted as quickly as possible. Pending those decisions Sweden may, during a period of one year from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, apply its national rules in force before that date as regards the abovementioned diseases. The period of one year may if necessary be extended in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 26.`

(b) In Article 13 the following paragraph is added:

'4. The Commission shall examine as quickly as possible the grounds submitted by Sweden as regards spring viraemia of carp (SVC). Following that examination and if it is justified, the provisions of paragraph 2 may be applicable. The appropriate decisions provided for in paragraph 2 shall be adopted as quickly as possible. Pending those decisions Sweden may, during a period of one year from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, apply its national rules in force before that date as regards the abovementioned diseases. The period of one year may if necessary be extended in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 26.`

(c) The following Articles are added:

'Article 28a

As regards fish, and eggs and gametes thereof, intended for farming or restocking, consignments to or from Finland shall not be authorized during a transitional period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Article 28b

As regards fish and crustaceans intended for farming or restocking, consignments to or from Norway shall not be authorized during a transitional period of one year from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty. At the request of Norway and in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 26, that period shall be extended annually. The transitional period shall not exceed five years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.

Article 28c

In accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 26, the appropriate decisions may be adopted to approve the programmes submitted by Finland, Norway and Sweden as regards the diseases referred to in Annex A, list II. These decisions shall enter into force, as appropriate, on accession or during the transitional periods laid down in Articles 28a and 28b. In this respect the period of four years laid down in Annex B(I.B) shall be reduced to three years for Finland with two tests during this period for each farm. As regards Norway, account will be taken of historical data concerning IHN and VHS.`

6. 392 L 0065: Council Directive 92/65/EEC of 13 July 1992 laying down animal health requirements governing trade in and imports into the Community of animals, semen, ova and embryos not subject to animal health requirements laid down in specific Community rules laid down in Annex A(I) to Directive 90/425/EEC (OJ No L 268, 14.9.1992, p. 54).

(a) In Article 3 the following subparagraph is added:

'Pending Community provisions on the matter, Sweden may maintain its national rules as regards snakes and other reptiles consigned to it.`

(b) In Article 6 (A) (2) (b) the following sentence is added:

'These decisions shall take into consideration the case of ruminants reared in the Arctic regions of the Community.`

(c) In Article 6 (A) (2) the following point is added:

'(c) in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 26, provisions may be adopted regarding leukosis.`

(d) In Article 6 (A) (3) the following points are added:

'(e) As regards swine vesicular disease and during a transitional period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, a serological test with a negative result must be carried out on suidae for consignments for Finland, from a region as defined in Article 2 (o) of Directive 64/432/EEC in which an outbreak of swine vesicular disease has occurred. This test will be required for a period of twelve months after the occurrence of the last outbreak in that region.

(f) As regards classical swine fever and during a transitional period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, a serological test with a negative result must be carried out on suidae for consignments for Finland, Norway and Sweden, from a region as defined in Article 2 (o) of Directive 64/432/EEC in which an outbreak of classical swine fever has occurred. This test will be required for a period of twelve months after the occurrence of the last outbreak in that region. If necessary, detailed rules for applying this point may be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 26.

(g) As regards porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome and during a transitional period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, a serological test with a negative result must be carried out on suidae for consignments for Sweden, from a region as defined in Article 2 (o) of Directive 64/432/EEC in which an outbreak of porcine reproductive and respiratory syndrome has occurred. This test will be required for a period of twelve months after the occurrence of the last outbreak in that region. Detailed rules for applying this point shall be adopted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 26.`

(e) The following Article is added:

'Article 10a

As regards rabies and in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 26, following presentation of the appropriate grounds, Articles 9 and 10 shall be amended to take account of the situation in Finland, Norway and Sweden in order to apply to them the same provisions as applicable to Member States in an equivalent situation.`

(f) In Article 13 (2) the following point is added:

'(e) Sweden shall have a period of two years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty to implement the measures laid down regarding bodies, institutes and centres.`

(g) In Article 22 the following subparagraph is added:

'Annex B shall be re-examined before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty in order, in particular, to amend the list of diseases to include those to which ruminants and suidae are susceptible and those which are transmissible by ovine semen, ova and embryos.`

(h) In Annex C (2) (a) the following is added:

'However, a Member State may be authorized by the Commission to allow animals of another origin to be introduced into a approved body, institute or centre where the competent authority is unable to find a satisfactory solution for such animals. The Member State shall submit to the Commission a plan containing the additional veterinary guarantees applicable in such cases.`

7. 372 L 0461: Council Directive 72/461/EEC of 12 December 1972 on health problems affecting intra-Community trade in fresh meat (OJ No L 302, 31.12.1972, p. 24), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1992, p. 49).

In the Annex, point 2, third indent, the following is added:

'- ETY`.

B. CONTROL MEASURES

1. 385 L 0511: Directive 85/511/EEC of 18 November 1985 introducing Community measures for the control of foot-and-mouth disease (OJ No L 315, 26.11.1985, p. 11), as amended by:

- 390 L 0423: Council Directive 90/423/EEC of 26 June 1990 (OJ No L 224, 18.8.1990, p. 13),

- 392 D 0380: Commission Decision 92/380/EEC of 2 July 1992 (OJ No L 198, 17.7.1992, p. 54).

(a) In Annex A, the following is added:

'Sweden: Statens veterinärmedicinska anstalt, Uppsala`.

(b) In Annex B, the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`

2. 380 L 0217: Council Directive 80/217/EEC of 22 January 1980 introducing Community measures for the control of classical swine fever (OJ No L 47, 21.2.1980, p. 11), as last amended by:

- 393 D 0384: Council Decision 93/384/EEC of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 166, 8.7.1993, p. 34).

In Annex II, after 'Portugal: Laboratorio Nacional de Investigação Veterinaria - Lisboa`, the following text is added:

'>TABLE>

`.

3. 392 L 0035: Council Directive 92/35/EEC of 29 April 1992 laying down control rules and measures to combat African horse sickness (OJ No L 157, 10.6.1992, p. 19).

In Annex I, A, the following text is added:

'>TABLE>

`

4. 392 L 0040: Council Directive 92/40/EEC of 19 May 1992 introducing Community measures for the control of avian influenza (OJ No L 167, 22.6.1992, p. 1).

In Annex IV, the following text is added:

'>TABLE>

`

5. 392 L 0066: Council Directive 92/66/EEC of 14 July 1992 introducing Community measures for the control of Newcastle disease (OJ No L 260, 5.9.1992, p. 1).

In Annex IV, the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`

6. 393 L 0053: Council Directive 93/53/EEC of 24 June 1993 introducing minimum Community measures for the control of certain fish diseases (OJ No L 175, 19.7.1993, p. 23).

In Annex A, the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`.

7. 392 L 0119: Council Directive 92/119/EEC of 17 December 1992 introducing general Community measures for the control of certain animal diseases and specific measures relating to swine vesicular disease (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 69).

In Annex II.5, the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`.

CHAPTER 3

Public health

1. 364 L 0433: Council Directive 64/433/EEC of 26 June 1964 on health conditions for the production and marketing of fresh meat (OJ No 121, 29.7.1964, p. 2012/64), as amended by:

- 391 L 0497: Council Directive 91/497/EEC of 29 July 1991 (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 69),

- 392 L 0005: Council Directive 92/5/EEC of 10 February 1992 (OJ No L 57, 2.3.1992, p. 1).

(a) article 3.1A (f) (ii), the following indent is added:

'- for meat intended for Finland, Norway and Sweden bear one of the markings provided for in Annex IV, part IV, third indent`.

(b) In Article 4.A, in the introductory wording after the date '1 January 1993`, the following words are inserted:

' except for Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 January 1995`.

(c) In Article 4.A, in the introductory wording after the date '31 December 1991`, the following words are inserted:

' except for Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 31 December 1993`.

(d) In Article 5, the following paragraphs are added:

' 3. In respect of salmonella and pending the adoption of the Community provisions provided for in paragraph 2, the following rules shall apply for meat intended for Finland, Norway and Sweden:

(a) the consignments of meat have been subjected to a microbiological test by sampling in the establishment of origin according to rules to be laid down by the Council acting on a proposal from the Commission, before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty;

(b) (i) the test provided for in (a) shall not be carried out for consignments of meat intended for an establishment for the purposes of pasteurisation, sterilization or for treatment having an equivalent effect;

(ii) however, for a period of three years from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, meat mentioned in (i) will be subject to the rules provided for by the operational programme applied by Finland, Norway and Sweden. In this respect, this meat will be subject to the same measures as those applicable to meat originating in Finland, Norway and Sweden. Before the end of this three-year period, this provision will be re-examined and possibly amended pursuant to the procedure provided for in Article 16;

(c) the test provided in (a) shall not be carried out for meat originating in an establishment which is subject to a programme recognized as equivalent to that referred to in paragraph 4, pursuant to the procedure provided for in Article 16.

4. The guarantees provided for in paragraph 3 shall apply only after approval by the Commission of an operational programme to be presented by Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Commission decisions must be taken before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty in order for the operational programmes and the guarantees provided for in paragraph 3 to be applicable as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty`.

(e) In Annex I, Chapter XI, in the first indent of 50 (a), the following sets of initials are added:

'AT - FI - NO - SE`

(f) In Annex I, Chapter XI, in the second indent of 50 (a) and in the third indent of 50 (b), the following is added:

'or ETY`.

(g) In Annex IV, part IV, the following indent is added:

' is intended for Finland, Norway or Sweden (4):

(i) the test referred to in Article 5 (3) (a) has been carried out (4),

(ii) the meat is intended for processing (4)

(iii) the meat comes from an establishment which is subject to a programme as referred to in Article 5 (3) (c) (4)`.

2. 391 L 0498: Council Directive 91/498/EEC of 29 July 1991 on the conditions for granting temporary and limited derogations from specific Community health rules on the production and marketing of fresh meat (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 105).

(a) In Article 2 (1), the following is inserted after the date 31 December 1995:

'except for Norway and Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 31 December 1996, and for Austria and Finland, where the date to be adopted shall be 31 December 1997`.

(b) In the fourth subparagraph of Article 2 (2), the following is inserted after the date 1 July 1992:

'or for Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty`.

3. 371 L 0118: Council Directive 71/118/EEC of 15 February 1971 on health problems affecting trade in fresh poultrymeat (OJ No L 55, 8.3.1971, p. 23), as amended and updated by:

- 392 L 0116: Council Directive 92/116/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 1).

(a) In Article 3, I, A, (i), the following indent is inserted:

'- for meat intended for Finland, Norway and Sweden, bear one of the markings provided for in Annex VI, part IV, under (e)`.

(b) The following paragraphs are added in Article 5:

'3. In respect of salmonella and pending the adoption of Community provisions, the following rules shall apply for meat intended for Finland, Norway and Sweden;

(a) the consignments of meat have been subjected to a microbiological test by sampling in the establishment of origin according to rules to be laid down by the Council, acting on a proposal from the Commission, before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty;

(b) the test provided for in (a) shall not be carried out for meat originating in an establishment subject to a programme recognized as equivalent to that referred to in paragraph 4, pursuant to the procedure provided for in Article 16.

4. The guarantees provided for in paragraph 3 shall apply only after approval by the Commission of an operational programme to be presented by Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Commission decisions must be taken before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty in order for the operational programmes and the guarantees provided for in paragraph 3 to be applicable as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

(c) In Annex I, Chapter XII, in the first indent of 66 (a), the following sets of initials are added:

'AT - FI - NO - SE`

(d) In Annex I, Chapter XII, in the third indent of 66 (a), the following is added:

'or ETY`.

(e) In Annex VI, part IV, the following is added:

'(e) if the meat is intended for Finland, Norway or Sweden (2):

(i) the test referred to in Article 5 (3) (a) has been carried out (4)

(ii) the meat comes from an establishment subject to a programme such as that referred to in Article 5 (3) (b). (4)`.

(f) In Annex VI, the following footnote is added:

'(4) delete where not applicable`.

4. 392 L 0116: Council Directive 92/116/EEC of 17 December 1992 amending and updating Directive 71/118/EEC on health problems affecting trade in fresh poultrymeat (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 1).

The following paragraphs are added to Article 3:

'1. (a) Finland and Norway shall have a period of time expiring on 1 January 1996 with regard to certain establishments located in their territory. Meat coming from these establishments may be marketed only in their respective national territory. Finland and Norway shall inform the Commission of the provisions adopted concerning these establishments. They shall provide the Commission and the other Member States with the list of these establishments.

(b) Austria shall have a period of time expiring on 1 January 1996 with regard to certain establishments located in its territory. Meat coming from these establishments may be marketed only on its national territory. Austria shall inform the Commission of the provisions adopted concerning these establishments. It shall provide the Commission and the other Member States with the list of these establishments. Austria may grant an additional period of time expiring on 1 January 1998 to certain establishments on condition that these establishments have submitted to the competent authority a request to this effect before 1 April 1995. This request must be accompanied by a plan and a work programme which defines the time limits within which the establishment may conform to the requirements of this Directive. Austria shall submit to the Commission before 1 July 1995 the list of the establishments for which it is intended that an additional period of time be granted. This list must lay down, establishment by establishment, the type and duration of the derogations envisaged. The Commission shall examine this list and, where appropriate after modification, adopt this list. The Commission shall communicate it to Member States.`

5. 377 L 0099: Council Directive 77/99/EEC of 21 December 1976 on health problems affecting the production and marketing of meat products and certain other products of animal origin (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 85), as amended and updated by:

- 392 L 0005: Council Directive 92/5/EEC of 10 February 1992 (OJ No L 57, 14.9.1992, 2.3.1992, p. 1),

as amended by:

- 392 L 0045: Council Directive 92/45/EEC of 16 June 1992 (OJ No L 268, 14.9.1992, p. 35),

- 392 L 0116: Council Directive 92/116/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 1),

- 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 49).

(a) In the second subparagraph of Article 10, after the date 1 January 1996, the following words are inserted:

'except for:

- Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 January 1997,

- Austria, Finland and Norway, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 January 1998,`.

(b) In the third subparagraph of Article 10, after the date 1 January 1996, the following words are inserted:

'except for:

- Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 January 1997,.

- Austria, Finland and Norway, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 January 1998,`.

(c) In Annex B, Chapter VI, under 4 (a), under (i), first indent, after 'UK` the following sets of initials are added:

'AT - FI - NO - SE`

(d) In Annex B, Chapter VI, under 4 (a), under (i), second indent, the following is added:

'ETY`

(e) In Annex B, Chapter VI, under 4 (a), under (ii), third indent, the following is added:

'ETY`

6. 392 L 0005: Council Directive 92/5/EEC of 10 February 1992 amending and updating Directive 77/99/EEC on health problems affecting intra-Community trade in meat products and amending Directive 64/433/EEC (OJ No L 57, 2.3.1992, p. 1).

The following indent is inserted after the first two indents in Article 3:

'- for certain establishments located in Sweden, where Sweden must conform to this Directive at the latest on 1 January 1996`.

7. 392 L 0120: Council Directive 92/120/EEC of 17 December 1992, on the conditions for granting temporary and limited derogations from specific Community health rules on the production and marketing of certain products of animal origin (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 86).

In Article 1 (1), the following is inserted after the date 31 December 1995:

'except for Austria and Norway, where the date to be adopted shall be 31 December 1996, and for Finland, where the date to be adopted shall be 31 December 1997,`.

8. 388 L 0657: Council Directive 88/657/EEC of 14 December 1988 laying down the requirements for the production of, and trade in, minced meat, meat in pieces of less than 100 grammes and meat preparations and amending Directives 64/433/EEC, 71/118/EEC and 72/462/EEC (OJ No L 382, 31.12.1988, p. 3), as amended by:

- 392 L 0110: Council Directive 92/110/EEC of 14 December 1992 (OJ No L 394, 31.12.1992, p. 26).

In the first subparagraph of Article 13 (1), after the date 1 January 1996, the following words are inserted:

'except for Finland, Norway and Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 January 1997`.

9. 389 L 0437: Council Directive 89/437/EEC of 20 June 1989 on hygiene and health problems affecting the production and the placing on the market of egg products (OJ No L 212, 22.7.1989, p. 87), as amended by:

- 389 L 0662: Council Directive 89/662/EEC of 11 December 1989 (OJ No L 395, 30.12.1989, p. 13),

- 391 L 0684: Council Directive 91/684/EEC of 19 December 1991 (OJ No L 376, 31 12 1991, p. 38).

(a) In the Annex, Chapter XI, under 1, under (i), first indent, the following sets of initials are inserted after 'UK`:

'AT - FI - NO - SE`

(b) In the Annex, Chapter XI, under 1, under (i), second indent, the following is added:

'ETY`

(c) In the Annex, Chapter XI, under 1, under (ii), third indent, the following is added:

'ETY`

10. 391 L 0493: Council Directive 91/493/EEC of 22 July 1991 laying down the health conditions for the production and the placing on the market of fishery products (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 15).

In Article 7 (2), the following shall be added after the date 31 December 1995:

'except for Finland, where the date to be adopted shall be 31 December 1997.`

11. 391 L 0492: Council Directive 91/492/EEC of 15 July 1991 laying down the health conditions for the production and the placing on the market of live bivalve molluscs (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 1).

In Article 5 (1) (a), the following is added in the second subparagraph after the date 31 December 1995:

'except for Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 31 December 1997.`

12. 393 D 0383: Council Decision 93/383/EEC of 14 June 1993 on reference laboratories for the monitoring of marine biotoxins (OJ No L 166,8.7.1993, p. 31).

In the Annex, the following is added:

'for Finland:

- Eläinlääkintä- ja elintarvikelaitos, Helsinki/Anstalten för veterinärmedicin och livsmedel, Helsingfors;

and Tullilaboratorio/Tullaboratoriet, Espoo

for Norway:

- Norges Veterinærhøgskole, Oslo

for Sweden:

- Institutionen för klinisk bakteriologi, Göteborgs Universitet, Göteborg;

for Austria:

If necessary, the Commission, after consultation with the Austrian authorities, shall amend this Annex in order to designate a national reference laboratory for the control of marine biotoxins.`

CHAPTER 4

Mixed texts

1. 392 L 0046: Council Directive 92/46/EEC of 16 June 1992, laying down the health rules for the production and placing on the market of raw milk, heat-treated milk and milk-based products (OJ No L 268, 14.9.1992, p. 1), as amended by:

- 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 49).

(a) In the first subparagraph of Article 32 (1), the following is added after 1 January 1994:

'except for Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 January 1996`

(b) In Annex C, Chapter IV, under A 3 (a), under (i), first indent, after 'UK` the following sets of initials are added:

'AT - FI - NO - SE`

(c) In Annex C, Chapter IV, under A 3 (a), under (i), second indent, the following is added:

'ETY`

(d) In Annex C, Chapter IV, under A 3 (a), under (ii), third indent, the following is added:

'ETY`

2. 391 L 0495: Council Directive 91/495/EEC of 27 November 1990 concerning public health and animal health problems affecting the production and placing on the market of rabbit meat and farmed game meat (OJ No L 268, 24.9.1991, p. 41), as amended by:

- 392 L 0065: Council Directive 92/65/EEC of 13 July 1992 (OJ No L 268, 14.9.1992, p. 54),

- 392 L 0116: Council Directive 92/116/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 1).

(a) In Article 2, under 3, after the words 'land mammals`, the following is inserted:

'including reindeer`.

(b) The following sentence is added in Article 6 (2), seventh indent:

'However, all operations for the slaughter of reindeer may be carried out in mobile slaughter units in accordance with the provisions of Directive 64/433/EEC.`

(c) In Annex I, Chapter III, under 11 (1), under (a), first indent, the following sets of initials are added:

'AT - FI - NO - SE`.

(d) In Annex I, Chapter III, under 11 (1), under (a), third indent, the following is added:

'ETY`.

3. 392 L 0045: Council Directive 92/45/EEC of 16 June 1992 on public health and animal health problems relating to the killing of wild game and the placing on the market of wild-game meat (OJ No L 268, 14.9.1992, p. 35) as amended by:

- 392 L 0116: Council Directive 92/116/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993 p.1)

(a) The following sentence is added to Article 3 (1), under (a), third indent:

'The Council, acting on a proposal from the Commission, may lay down specific rules applicable to the collection of wild game under special climatic conditions.`

(b) In Annex I, Chapter VII, under 2 (a), under (i), first indent, the following sets of initials are added:

'- AT - FI - NO - SE -`

(c) In Annex I, Chapter VII, under 2 (a), under (i), third indent, after 'EEG` the following is added:

'ETY`.

4. 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 laying down animal health and public health requirements governing trade in and imports into the Community of products not subject to the said requirements laid down in specific Community rules referred to in Annex A (I) to Directive 89/662/EEC and as regards pathogens to Directive 90/425/EEC (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 49).

(a) In the first subparagraph of Article 20 (1), after the date 1 January 1994, the following is inserted:

'except for Norway, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 July 1995.`

(b) In Annex I, Chapter 14, the following subparagraph is added:

'Non-processed manure coming from poultry flocks vaccinated against Newcastle disease must not be sent to a region which has obtained the status "non-vaccination zone against Newcastle disease" in accordance with Article 12 (2) of Council Directive 90/539/EEC.`

(c) The following is added in Annex II, Chapter 2, first indent:

'In respect of salmonella and pending the adoption of Community provisions, the following rules shall apply for eggs intended for Finland, Norway and Sweden:

(a) consignments of eggs may be subject to additional general or limited guarantees defined by the Commission following the procedure provided for in Article 18;

(b) the guarantees provided for in (a) shall not be carried out for eggs originating in an establishment subject to a programme recognized as equivalent to that referred to in (c), pursuant to the procedure provided for in Article 18;

(c) the guarantees provided for in (a) shall apply only after approval by the Commission of an operational programme to be presented by Finland, Norway and Sweden. The Commission decisions must be taken before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty in order for the operational programmes and the guarantees provided for in (a) to be applicable as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

5. 392 L 0117: Council Directive 92/117/EEC of 17 December 1992 concerning measures for protection against specified zoonoses and specified zoonotic agents in animals and products of animal origin in order to prevent outbreaks of food-borne infections and intoxications (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 38).

The following sentence is added to the first subparagraph of Article 17 (1):

'However, for Norway, the date to be adopted shall be 1 July 1995.`

6. 372 L 0462: Council Directive 72/462/EEC of 12 December 1972 on health and veterinary inspection problems upon importation of bovine, ovine and caprine animals and swine, fresh meat or meat products from third countries, in order to include ovine and caprine animals (OJ No L 302, 31.12.1972, p. 28), as last amended by:

- 392 R 1601: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1601/92 of 15 June 1992 (OJ No L 173, 27.6.1992, p. 13).

(a) The following subparagraph is added to Article 6 (2) 2.:

'Norway and Sweden may, for a transition period of three years as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty maintain their national rules concerning the import of animals coming from countries which vaccinate against foot-and-mouth disease.`

(b) The following is added to Article 14 (3):

'(e) Norway and Sweden may, for a transition period of three years as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty maintain their national rules concerning the import of fresh meat coming from countries which vaccinate against foot-and-mouth disease.'

7. 392 L 0102: Council Directive 92/102/EEC of 27 November 1992 on the identification and registration of animals (OJ No L 355, 5.12.1992, p. 32).

The following indent is inserted in Article 11 (1):

' - for Finland and Norway, before 1 January 1996 as concerns the requirements for bovine animals, swine, sheep and goats. If necessary, the Commission shall adopt, during the transitional period, the appropriate measures in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 18 of Council Directive 90/425/EEC'.

8. 381 D 0651: Commission Decision 81/651/EEC of 30 July 1981 establishing a Scientific Veterinary Committee (OJ No L 233, 19.8.1981, p. 32), as amended by:

- 386 D 0105: Commission Decision 86/105/EEC of 25 February 1986 (OJ No L 93, 8.4.1986, p. 14).

In Article 3, '18` shall be replaced by '22`.

CHAPTER 5

Protection of animals

391 L 0628: Council Directive 91/628/EEC of 19 November 1991 on the protection of animals during transport and amending Directives 90/425/EEC and 91/496/EEC (OJ No L 340 11.12.1991, p. 17, as amended by:

- 392 D 0438: Council Decision 92/438/EEC of 13 July 1992 (OJ No L 243, 25.8.1992, p. 27).

(a) The following sentence is added in the Annex, first chapter, under A (1):

'However, Sweden may, for a transitional period of three years as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, maintain its more stringent national rules for transport which has its point of departure and its point of arrival in its territory for cows in gestation and newborn calves.`

(b) The following sentence is added in the Annex, Chapter I, under C (14):

'However, for a transitional period of two years as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty, the obligation to provide roofing for the transport of reindeer is not required. Following the opinion of the Scientific Veterinary Committee, the Commission, in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 17, may decide to maintain this derogation.`

Second part - Texts for application

1. 377 L 0096: Council Directive of 21 December 1976 on the examination for trichinae (trichinella spiralis) upon importation from third countries of fresh meat derived from domestic swine (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 67), as amended by:

- 381 L 0476: Council Directive 81/476/EEC of 24 June 1981 (OJ No L 186, 8.7.1981, p. 20),

- 383 L 0091: Council Directive 83/91/EEC of 7 February 1983 (OJ No L 59, 5.3.1983, p. 34),

- 384 L 0319: Commission Directive 84/319/EEC of 7 June 1984 (OJ No L 167, 27.6.1984, p. 34),

- 385 R 3768: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3769 of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 362, 31.12.1985, p. 8),

- 389 L 0321: Commission Directive 89/321/EEC of 22 April 1989 (OJ No L 133, 17.5.1993, p. 33).

(a) The following is inserted in Annex III, under 2, second indent, after 'EOK`:

'ETY`.

(b) The following is inserted in Annex III, under 5, second indent, after 'EUK`:

'ETY`.

2. 379 D 0542: Council Decision 79/542/EEC of 21 December 1979 drawing up a list of third countries from which the Member States authorize imports of bovine animals, swine and fresh meat (OJ No L 146, 14.6.1979, p. 15), as last amended by:

- 394 D 0059: Commission Decision 94/59/EEC of 26 January 1994 (OJ No L 27, 1.2.1994, p. 53).

The following lines are deleted in the Annex:

'AT - Austria`

'FI - Finland`

'NO - Norway`

'SE - Sweden`

3. 380 D 0790: Commission Decision 80/790/EEC of 25 July 1980 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of fresh meat from Finland (OJ No L 233, 4.9.1980, p. 47), as amended by:

- 381 D 0662: Commission Decision 81/622/EEC of 28 July 1981 (OJ No L 237, 22.8.1981, p. 33).

Decision 80/790/EEC is repealed.

4. 380 D 0799: Commission Decision 80/799/EEC of 25 July 1980 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of fresh meat from Sweden (OJ No L 234, 5.9.1980, p. 35), as amended by

- 381 D 0662: Commission Decision 81/662/EEC of 28 July 1981 (OJ No L 237, 22.8.1981, p. 33).

Decision 80/799/EEC is repealed.

5. 380 D 0800: Commission Decision 80/800/EEC of 25 July 1980 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of fresh meat from Norway (OJ No L 234, 5.9.1980, p. 38), as amended by:

- 381 D 0662: Commission Decision 81/662/EEC of 28 July 1981 (OJ No L 237, 22.8.1981, p. 33).

Decision 80/800/EEC is repealed.

6. 382 D 0730: Council Decision 82/730/EEC of 18 October 1982 on the list of establishments in the Republic of Austria approved for the purposes of exporting fresh meat to the Community (OJ No L 311, 8.11.1982, p. 1).

Decision 82/730/EEC is repealed.

7. 382 D 0731: Council Decision 82/731/EEC of 18 October 1982 on the list of establishments in the Republic of Finland approved for the purposes of exporting fresh meat to the Community (OJ No L 311, 8.11.1982, p. 4), as amended.

Decision 82/731/EEC is repealed.

8. 382 D 0736: Council Decision 82/736/EEC of 18 October 1982 on the list of establishments in the Kingdom of Sweden approved for the purposes of exporting fresh meat to the Community (OJ No L 311, 8.11.1982, p. 18), as amended.

Decision 82/736/EEC is repealed.

9. 383 D 0421: Commission Decision 83/421/EEC of 29 July 1983 on the list of establishments in the Kingdom of Norway approved for the purpose of importing fresh meat into the Community (OJ No L 238, 27.8.1983, p. 35), as amended.

Decision 82/421/EEC is repealed.

10. 389 X 0214: Commission Recommendation 89/ 214/EEC of 24 February 1989 on the rules to be followed for inspections carried out in fresh meat establishments approved for the purposes of intra-Community trade (OJ No L 87, 31.3.1989, p. 1).

(a) In Annex I, Chapter X, 49 (a), in the part which reads 'text of the Directive`, in the first indent after 'P`, the following sets of initials are inserted:

'AT - FI - NO - SE`.

(b) In Annex I, Chapter X, 49 (a), in the part which reads 'text of the Directive`, in the second indent, the following is added:

'ETY`.

(c) In Annex I, Chapter X, 49 (b), in the part which reads 'text of the Directive`, in the third indent, the following is added:

'ETY`.

11. 390 D 0014: Commission Decision 90/14/EEC of 20 December 1989 drawing up a list of third countries from which Member States authorize importation of deep-frozen semen of domestic animals of the bovine species (OJ No L 8, 11.1.1990, p. 71), as amended by:

- 391 D 0276: Commission Decision 91/276/EEC of 22 May 1991 (OJ No L 135, 30.5.1991, p. 58).

The following words are deleted in the Annex:

'Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`.

12. 390 D 0442: Commission Decision 90/442/EEC of 25 July 1990 laying down the codes for the notification of animal diseases (OJ No L 227, 21.8.1990, p. 39), as amended by:

- Commission Decision of 27.11.1990 (not published)

- Commission Decision of 26.3.1991 (not published)

The following subparagraph is added to Article 1:

'For Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, the Commission shall complete the codes appearing in Annexes 5 and 6 to this Decision. The appropriate Decisions will be adopted before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

13. 391 D 0270: Commission Decision 91/270/EEC of 14 May 1991 drawing up a list of third countries from which Member States authorize importation of embryos of domestic animals of the bovine species (OJ No L 134, 29.5.1991, p. 56).

The following words are deleted in the Annex:

'Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`.

14. 391 D 0426: Commission Decision 91/426/EEC of 22 July 1991 laying down the details of the Community's financial contribution to the setting up of a computerized network linking veterinary authorities (Animo) (OJ No L 234, 23.8.1991, p. 27), as amended by:

- 393 D 0004: Commission Decision 93/4/EEC of 9 December 1992 (OJ No L 4, 8.1.1993, p. 32).

(a) In Article 1 (2), the words 'for the whole network` are replaced by:

'for the Community as it existed before the entry into force of the Accession Treaty`.

(b) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 2a

1. Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden may benefit from the Community's financial contribution under the conditions provided for in Article 1 (1).

2. The expenditure referred to in paragraph 1 shall be reimbursed to Member States by the Commission on the presentation of supporting documents.

3. The supporting documents referred to in paragraph 2 shall be forwarded by the Norwegian and Swedish authorities at the latest twelve months after the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty and by the Austrian and Finnish authorities at the latest twenty-four months after the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

15. 391 D 0449: Commission Decision 91/449/EEC of 26 July 1991 laying down the specimen animal health certificates in respect of meat products imported from third countries (OJ No L 240, 29.8.1991, p. 28), as last amended by:

- 393 D 0504: Commission Decision 93/504/EEC of 28 July 1993 (OJ No L 236, 21.9.1993, p. 16).

(a) The following words are deleted in Annex A, second part:

'Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`

(b) The following words are deleted in Annex B, second part:

'Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`

16. 391 D 0539: Commission Decision 91/539/EEC of 4 October 1991 laying down implementing rules for Decision 91/426/EEC (Animo) (OJ No L 294, 25.10.1991, p. 47).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 1a

For Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, the Commission shall fix the number of units which may benefit from the Community's financial contribution. For Norway and Sweden, the appropriate decisions shall be adopted before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty`

In the first indent of Article 2 (2), the following words are added:

'except for Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 April 1994,`.

The following words are added in Article 3 after '1 December 1991`:

'except for Norway and Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 December 1994, and for Austria and Finland where the date to be adopted shall be 1 December 1995`.

17. 392 D 0124: Commission Decision 92/124/EEC of 10 January 1992 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of bovine semen from Finland (OJ No L 48, 22.2.1992, p. 10).

Decision 92/124/EEC is repealed.

18. 392 D 0126: Commission Decision 92/126/EEC of 10 January 1992 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of bovine semen from Austria (OJ No L 48, 22.2.1992, p. 28).

Decision 92/126/EEC is repealed.

19. 392 D 0128: Commission Decision 92/128/EEC of 10 January 1992 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of bovine semen from Sweden (OJ No L 48, 22.2.1992, p. 46).

Decision 92/128/EEC is repealed.

20. 392 D 0175: Commission Decision 92/175/EEC of 21 February 1992 establishing the list and identity of the units in the computerized network Animo (OJ No L 80, 25.3.1992, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 D 0071: Commission Decision 93/71/EEC of 22 December 1992 (OJ No L 25, 2.2.1993, p. 39),

- 393 D 0228: Commission Decision 93/228/EEC of 5 April 1993 (OJ No L 97, 23.4.1993, p. 33).

The following paragraph is added in Article 1:

'4. The Commission shall complete the list which appears in the Annex for Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden.`

21. 392 D 0260: Commission Decision 92/260/EEC of 10 April 1992 on animal health conditions and veterinary certification for temporary admission of registered horses (OJ No L 30, 15.5.1992, p. 67), as amended by:

- 393 D 0344: Commission Decision 93/344/EEC of 17 May 1993 (OJ No L 138, 9.6.1991, p. 11).

(a) In Annex I, group A is replaced by:

'group A:

Greenland, Iceland and Switzerland`.

(b) In Annex II, A, health certificate, the title is replaced by:

'VETERINARY CERTIFICATE for the temporary admission of registered horses admitted in the territory of the Community for a period of less than ninety days coming from Greenland, Iceland or Switzerland.`

(c) In Annex II, A, veterinary certificate, (iii) (d), third indent, the following words are deleted:

'in Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden,`

(d) In Annex II, B, veterinary certificate, (iii) (d), third indent, the following words are deleted:

'in Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden,`

(e) In Annex II, C, veterinary certificate, (iii) (d), third indent, the following words are deleted:

'in Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden,`

(f) In Annex II, D, veterinary certificate, (iii) (d), third indent, the following words are deleted:

'in Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden,`

(g) In Annex II, E, veterinary certificate, (iii) (d), third indent, the following words are deleted:

'in Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden,`

22. 392 D 0265: Commission Decision 92/265/EEC of 18 May 1992 concerning the import into the Community of live pigs, porcine semen, fresh pigmeat and pigmeat products from Austria and repealing Decision 90/90/EEC (OJ No L 137, 20.5.1993, p. 23), amended by:

- 393 D 0427: Commission Decision 93/427/EEC of 7 July 1993 (OJ No L 197, 6.8.1993, p. 52).

Decision 92/265/EEC is repealed.

23. 392 D 0290: Commission Decision 92/290/EEC of 14 May 1992 concerning certain protection measures relating to bovine embryos in respect of bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE) in the United Kingdom (OJ No L 152, 4.6.1992, p. 37).

The following paragraph is added to Article 2:

'4. Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden may maintain their national legislation concerning the embryos of domestic animals of the bovine species coming from a Member State with a high incidence of the disease, for a transitional period of up to two years as from the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty. This provision will be reviewed during this transition period in the light of experience acquired and of the results of current scientific studies.`

24. 392 D 0341: Commission Decision 92/341/EEC of 3 June 1992 relating to the computer retrieval of local Animo units (OJ No L 188, 8.7.1992, p. 37).

The following words are inserted in Article 1 (1) after the date '15 June 1992`:

'except for Norway and Sweden, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 September 1994 and for Austria and Finland, where the date to be adopted shall be 1 June 1995,`

25. 392 D 0387: Commission Decision 92/387/EEC of 10 June 1992 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of bovine semen from Norway (OJ No L 204, 21.7.1992, p. 22).

Decision 92/387/EEC is repealed.

26. 392 D 0401: Commission Decision 92/401/EEC of 31 July 1992 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certificates for the import of domestic animals of the bovine and porcine species from Norway (OJ No L 224, 8.8.1992, p. 1), amended by:

- 393 D 0469: Commission Decision 93/469/EEC of 26 July 1993 (OJ No L 218, 28.8.1993, p. 58).

Decision 92/401/EEC is repealed.

27. 392 D 0461: Commission Decision 92/461/EEC of 2 September 1992 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certificates for the import of domestic animals of the bovine and porcine species from Sweden (OJ No L 261, 7.9.1992, p. 18), amended by:

- 392 D 0518: Commission Decision 92/518/EEC of 3 November 1992 (OJ No L 325, 11.11.1992, p. 23),

- 393 D 0469: Commission Decision 93/469/EEC of 26 July 1993 (OJ No L 218, 28.8.1993, p. 58).

Decision 92/461/EEC is repealed.

28. 392 D 0462: Commission Decision 92/462/EEC of 2 September 1992 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certificates for the import of domestic animals of the bovine and porcine species from Finland (OJ No L 261, 7.9.1992, p. 34), as amended by:

- 392 D 0518: Commission Decision 92/518/EEC of 3 November 1992 (OJ No L 325, 11.11.1992, p. 23),

- 393 D 0469: Commission Decision 93/469/EEC of 26 July 1993 (OJ No L 218, 28.8.1993, p. 58).

Decision 92/462/EEC is repealed.

29. 392 D 0471: Commission Decision 92/471/EEC of 2 September 1992 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for importation of bovine embryos from third countries (OJ No L 270, 15.9.1992, p. 27).

The following words are deleted in Annex A, part II:

'Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`

30. 392 D 0486: Commission Decision 92/486/EEC of 25 September 1992 establishing the form of cooperation between the Animo host centre and Member States (OJ No L 291, 7.10.1992, p. 20), as amended by:

- 393 D 0188: Commission Decision 93/188/EEC of 4 March 1993 (OJ No L 82, 3.4.1993, p. 20).

The following words are added in the first indent of Article 2:

'except for Norway and Sweden, where the date of entry into force is that of the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty and the date on which the contract comes to an end is that of 1 April 1996, and for Austria and Finland, where the date of entry into force falls one year after that of the entry into force of the Accession Treaty and the date on which the contract comes to an end is that of 1 April 1996.`

31. 392 D 0562: Commission Decision 92/562/EEC of 17 November 1992 on the approval of alternative heat treatment systems for processing high-risk material (OJ No L 359, 9.12.1992, p. 23).

(a) In the Annex, in the introductory part 'Definitions`, the following definition is added:

'Concentrated production: treatment of the liquid phase before removal of a major part of its humidity.`

(b) The following chapter is added in the Annex:

'CHAPTER VIII

AQUATIC ANIMALS

COMBINED ACIDIFICATION AND HEAT TREATMENT

I. Description of the system

>REFERENCE TO A GRAPHIC>

The raw material is reduced by crushing and mixed with formic acid to reduce the pH thereof. The mixture is stored for an intermediary period pending new treatment. The product is then introduced into a heat converter. The progression of the product through the heat converter is controlled by means of mechanical commands limiting its displacement in such a way that at the end of the heat treatment operation the product has undergone a cycle which is sufficient in both time and temperature. After heat treatment, the product is separated into liquid/fat/greaves phases by mechanical means. In order to obtain an animal protein concentrate, the liquid phase is pumped into two heat-exchangers which are steam-heated and equipped with vacuum chambers in order for its humidity to be removed therein in the form of water vapour. The greaves are reincorporated in the protein concentrate before storage.

II. Critical control points in factories

1. Size of particles: after crushing, the size of the particles must be less than . . . mm.

2. pH: during the acidification phase, the pH must be lower than or equal to . . . The pH must be checked each day.

3. Duration of intermediary storage: it must be at least . . . hours.

4. Absolute duration of treatment: the load must be treated for at least . . . minutes at the minimum temperature indicated in paragraph 5.

5. Critical temperature: the temperature must be at least . . . °C and be recorded for each load on a permanent recording system. Each product manufactured at a lower temperature must be re-processed with raw material.`

32. 393 D 0013: Commission Decision 93/13/EEC of 22 December 1992 laying down the procedures for veterinary checks at Community border inspection posts on products from third countries (OJ No L 9, 15.1.1993, p. 33).

In Annex F, the following words are deleted:

'Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`

33. 393 D 0024: Commission Decision 92/24/EEC of 11 December 1992 concerning additional guarantees relating to Aujeszky's disease for pigs destined to Member States or regions free of the disease (OJ No L 16, 25.1.1993, p. 18), as amended by:

- 393 D 0341: Commission Decision 93/341/EEC of 13 May 1993 (OJ No L 136, 5.6.1993, p. 47)

- 393 D 0664: Commission Decision 93/664/EEC of 6 December 1993 (OJ No L 303, 10.12.1993, p. 27).

The following is added to Annex II, under 2 (d):

'>TABLE>

`

34. 393 D 0028: Commission Decision 93/28/EEC of 14 December 1992 laying down a supplementary Community financing for the computerized network Animo (OJ No L 16, 25.1.1993, p. 28).

The following Article is inserted

'Article 3a

For Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden the action provided for in Article 1 shall be borne 100% by the Community.`

35. 393 D 0052: Commission Decision 93/52/EEC of 21 December 1992 recording the compliance by certain Member States or regions with the requirements relating to brucellosis (B. melitensis) and according them the status of a Member States or region officially free of the disease (OJ No L 13, 21.1.1993, p. 14).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 2a

For Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden the Commission shall supplement if necessary Annexes I and II. The appropriate decisions shall be adopted before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

36. 393 D 0160: Commission Decision 93/160/EEC of 17 February 1993 drawing up a list of third countries from which Member States authorize the importation of semen of domestic animals of the porcine species (OJ No L 67, 19.3.1993, p. 27).

In the Annex the following are deleted:

'Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`.

37. 393 D 0195: Commission Decision 93/195/EEC of 2 February 1993 on animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the re-entry of registered horses for racing, competition and cultural events after temporary export (OJ No L 86, 6.4.1993, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 D 0344: Commission Decision 93/344/EEC of 17 May 1993 (OJ No L 138, 9.6.1993, p. 11),

- 393 D 0509: Commission Decision 93/509/EEC of 21 September 1993 (OJ No L 238, 23.9.1993, p. 44).

(a) In Annex I group A is replaced by:

'Group A

Greenland, Iceland and Switzerland`

(b) In Annex II group A is replaced by:

'Group A

Greenland, Iceland and Switzerland`.

38. 393 D 0196: Commission Decision 93/136/EEC of 5 February 1993 on animal health conditions and veterinary certification for imports of equidae for slaughter (OJ No L 86, 6.4.1993, p. 7).

(a) In Annex I, the following is deleted from footnote 5:

'Austria, Finland`, 'Norway, Sweden`

(b) In Annex II, footnote 3, group A is replaced by:

'Group A:

Greenland, Iceland and Switzerland`.

39. 393 D 0197: Commission Decision 93/197/EEC of 5 February 1993 on animal health conditions and veterinary certification for imports of registered equidae and equidae for breeding and production (OJ No L 86, 6.4.1993, p. 16), as amended by:

- 393 D 0344: Commission Decision 93/344/EEC of 17 May 1993 (OJ No L 138, 9.6.1993, p. 11),

- 393 D 0510: Commission Decision 93/510/EEC of 21 September 1993 (OJ No L 238, 23.9.1993, p. 45),

- 393 D 0682: Commission Decision 93/682/EEC of 17 December 1993 (OJ No L 317, 18.12.1993, p. 82).

(a) In Annex I, 'group A` is replaced by:

'Group A

Greenland, Iceland and Switzerland`

(b) In Annex II (A), health certificate, the title is replaced by:

'HEALTH CERTIFICATE

for imports into Community territory of registered equidae and equidae for breeding and production from Greenland, Iceland and Switzerland`

40. 393 D 0198: Commission Decision 93/198/EEC of 17 February 1993 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of domestic ovine and caprine animals from third countries (OJ No L 86, 6.4.1993, p. 34).

In the Annex, Part 2a, the following is deleted:

'Austria`,

'Finland`,

'Norway`,

'Sweden`.

41. 393 D 0199: Commission Decision 93/199/EEC of 19 February 1993 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of porcine semen from third countries (OJ No L 86, 6.4.1993, p. 43), as amended by:

- 393 D 0427: Commission Decision 93/427/EEC of 7 July 1993 (OJ No L 197, 6.8.1993, p. 52),

- 393 D 0504: Commission Decision 93/504/EEC of 28 July 1993 (OJ No L 236, 21.9.1993, p. 16).

In the Annex, Part 2, the following are deleted:

'Austria-Burgenland, Salzburg, Tyrol, Voralberg, Upper Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`.

42. 393 D 0244: Commission Decision 93/244/EEC of 2 April 1993 concerning additional guarantees relating to Aujeszky's disease for pigs destined for certain parts of the territory of the Community (OJ No L 111, 5.5.1993, p. 21).

In Annex II (2) (d) the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`.

43. 393 D 0257: Commission Decision 93/257/EEC of 15 April 1993 laying down the reference methods and the list of national reference laboratories for detecting residues (OJ No L 118, 14.5.1993, p. 75).

In the Annex the following is added:

'>TABLE>

`

44. 393 D 0317: Commission Decision 93/317/EEC of 21 April 1993 concerning the content of the code to be used on bovine ear marks (OJ No L 122, 18.5.1993, p. 45).

In Article 1 (1) the following is added to the table:

' Austria: AT

Finland: FI

Norway: NO

Sweden: SE`.

45. 393 D 0321: Commission Decision 93/321/EEC of 10 May 1993 providing for less frequent identity and physical checks on the temporary admission of certain registered equidae from Sweden, Norway, Finland and Switzerland (OJ No L 123, 19.5.1993, p. 36).

(a) The title the following is deleted:

'Sweden, Norway, Finland and`

(b) In Article 1(1) the following is deleted:

'Sweden, Norway, Finland and`.

46. 393 D 0432: Commission Decision 93/432/EEC of 13 July 1993 concerning animal health conditions and veterinary certification for the importation of domestic animals of the bovine and porcine species from Austria (OJ No L 200, 10.8.1993, p. 39).

Decision 93/432/EEC is repealed.

47. 393 D 0451: Commission Decision 93/451/EEC of 13 July 1993 concerning the animal health conditions and veterinary certification of imports of fresh meat from Austria (OJ No L 210, 21.8.1993, p. 21).

Decision 93/451/EEC is repealed.

48. 393 D 0688: Commission Decision 93/688/EEC of 20 December 1993 concerning veterinary certificates for imports of fresh meat and meat products from Sweden (OJ No L 319, 21.12.1993, p. 51).

Decision 93/688/EEC is repealed.

49. 393 D 0693: Commission Decision 93/693/EEC of 14 December 1993 establishing a list of semen collection centres approved for the export to the Community of semen of domestic animals of the bovine species from third countries and revoking Decisions 91/642/EEC, 91/643/EEC and 92/255/EEC (OJ No L 320, 22.12.1993, p. 35).

In the Annex, the following parts are deleted:

'PART 4

SWEDEN`

'PART 8

NORWAY`

'PART 9

AUSTRIA`

50. 394 D 0024: Commission Decision 94/24/EEC of 7 January 1994 drawing up a list of border inspection posts preselected for veterinary checks on products and animals from third countries and repealing Decisions 92/430/EEC and 92/431/EEC (OJ No L 18, 21.1.1994, p. 16).

In Article 1 the following subparagraph is added:

'The Commission shall supplement the posts listed in the Annex in respect of Norway and Sweden, and possibly in respect of Austria and Finland. The decisions concerning Norway and Sweden shall be adopted before the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`

51. 394 D 0034: Commission Decision 94/34/EEC of 24 January 1994 on the implementation of the Animo computerized network (OJ No L 21, 26.1.1994, p. 22).

(a) In Article 1, after '1 February 1994 at the latest,`, the following is inserted:

'except for Norway and Sweden, for which the date shall be the date of the entry into force of the Accession Treaty, and for Austria and Finland, for which the date shall be one year later than the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`,

(b) In Article 2, after '1 June 1994 at the latest`, the following is inserted:

'except for Norway and Sweden, for which the date shall be the date of the entry into force of the Accession Treaty, and for Austria and Finland, for which the date shall be one year later than the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`,

(c) In Article 3, after '1 February 1994`, the following is inserted:

'except for Norway and Sweden, for which the date shall be the date of the entry into force of the Accession Treaty, and for Austria and Finland, for which the date shall be one year later than the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`,

(d) In Article 4, after '1 June 1994`, the following is inserted:

'except for Norway and Sweden, for which the date shall be the date of the entry into force of the Accession Treaty, and for Austria and Finland, for which the date shall be one year later than the date of entry into force of the Accession Treaty.`,

(e) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 6a

The Commission shall adopt the necessary transitional measures for Austria and Finland.`.

52. 394 D 0070: Commission Decision 94/70/EC of 31 January 1994 drawing up a provisional list of third countries from which Member States authorize imports of raw milk, heat treated milk and milk based products (OJ No L 36, 8.2.1994, p. 5).

In the Annex the following lines are deleted:

>TABLE>

53. 394 D 0085: Commission Decision 94/85/EC of 16 February 1994 drawing up a list of third countries from which the Member States authorize imports of fresh poultrymeat (OJ No L 44, 17.2.1994, p. 31).

In the Annex the following lines are deleted:

>TABLE>

F. MISCELLANEOUS

I. Committee procedure

A. In the following acts and in the Articles indicated, the paragraph(s) listed is/are replaced by the following paragraph:

'2. The representative of the Commission shall submit to the Committee a draft of the measures to be taken. The Committee shall deliver its opinion on the draft within a time limit which the Chairman may lay down according to the urgency of the matter. The opinion shall be delivered by the majority laid down in Article 148 (2) of the Treaty in the case of decisions which the Council is required to adopt on a proposal from the Commission. The votes of the representatives of the Member States within the Committee shall be weighted in the manner set out in that Article. The Chairman shall not vote.`:

1. 365 R 0079: Council Regulation No 79/65/EEC of 15 June 1965 setting up a network for the collection of accountancy data on the incomes and business operation of agricultural holdings in the European Economic Community (OJ No 109, 23.6.1965, p. 1859/65), as last amended by:

- 390 R 3577: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3577/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 23).

Article 19 (2).

2. 366 R 0136: Council Regulation (EEC) No 136/66 of 22 September 1966 on the establishment of a common organization of the market in oils and fats (OJ No 172, 30.9.1966, p. 3025/66), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3179: Council Regulation of 16 November 1993 (EC) No 3179/93 (OJ No L 285, 20.11.1993, p. 9).

Article 38 (2).

3. 368 R 0234: Council Regulation (EEC) No 234/68 of 27 February 1968 on the establishment of a common organization of the market in live trees and other plants, bulbs, roots and the like, cut flowers and ornamental foliage (OJ No L 55, 2.3.1968, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 R 3336: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3336/92 of 16 November 1992 (OJ No L 336, 20.11.1992, p. 1).

Article 14 (2).

4. 368 R 0804: Council Regulation (EEC) No 804/68 of 27 June 1968 on the common organization of the market in milk and milk products (OJ No L 148, 28.6.1968, p. 13), as last amended by:

- 394 R 0230: Council Regulation (EC) No 230/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 30, 3.2.1994, p. 1).

Article 30 (2).

5. 368 R 0805: Council Regulation (EEC) No 805/68 of 27 June 1968 on the common organization of the market in beef and veal (OJ No L 148, 28.6.1968, p. 24), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3611: Council Regulation (EC) No 3611/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 328, 29.12.1993, p. 7).

Article 27 (2).

6. 370 R 0729: Council Regulation (EEC) No 729/70 of 21 April 1970 (OJ No L 94, 28.4.1970, p. 13) on the financing of the common agricultural policy, as last amended by:

- 388 R 2048: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2048/88 of 24 June 1988 (OJ No L 185, 15.7.1988, p. 1).

Article 13 (2).

7. 370 R 1308: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1308/70 of 29 June 1970 (OJ No L 146, 4.7.1970, p. 1) on the common organization of the market in flax and hemp, as last amended by:

- 393 R 1557: Regulation (EEC) No 1557/93 of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 154, 25.6.1993, p. 26).

Article 12 (2).

8. 371 R 1696: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1696/71 of 26 July 1971 on the common organization of the market in hops (OJ No L 175, 4.8.1971, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 R 3124: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3124/92 of 26 October 1992 (OJ No L 313, 30.10.1992, p. 1).

Article 20 (2).

9. 371 R 2358: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2358/71 of 26 October 1971 on the common organization of the market in seeds (OJ No L 246, 5.11.1971, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3375: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3375/93 of 9 December 1993 (OJ No L 303, 10.12.1993, p. 9).

Article 11 (2).

10. 372 R 1035: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1035/72 of 18 May 1972 on the common organization of the market in fruit and vegetables (OJ No L 118, 20.5.1972, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3669: Council Regulation (EC) No 3669/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 338, 31.12.1993, p. 26).

Article 33 (2).

11. 375 R 2759: Regulation (EEC) No 2759/75 of 29 October 1975 on the common organization of the market in pigmeat (OJ No L 282, 1.11.1975, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 389 R 1249: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1249/89 of 3 May 1989 (OJ No L 129, 11.5.1989, p. 12).

Article 24 (2).

12. 375 R 2771: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2771/75 of 29 October 1975 on the common organization of the market in eggs (OJ No L 282, 1.11.1975, p. 49), as last amended by:

- 393 R 1574: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1574/93 of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 152, 24.6.1993, p. 1).

Article 17 (2).

13. 375 R 2777: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2777/75 of 29 October 1975 on the common organization of the market in poultrymeat (OJ No L 282, 1.11.1975, p. 77), as last amended by:

- 393 R 1574: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1574/93 of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 152, 24.6.1993, p. 1).

Article 17 (2).

14. 376 R 1418: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1418/76 of 21 June 1976 on the common organization of the market in rice (OJ No L 166, 25.6.1976, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 1544: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1544/93 of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 154, 25.6.1993, p. 5).

Article 27 (2).

15. 378 R 1117: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1117/78 of 22 May 1978 on the common organization of the market in dried fodder (OJ No L 142, 30.5.1978, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3496: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3496/93 of 20 December 1993 (OJ No L 319, 21.12.1993, p. 17).

Article 12 (2).

16. 378 R 1360: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1360/78 of 19 June 1978 on producer groups and associations thereof (OJ No L 166, 23.6.1978, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3669: Council Regulation (EC) No 3669/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 338, 31.12.1993, p. 26).

Article 16 (2).

17. 379 R 0270: Council Regulation (EEC) No 270/79 of 6 February 1979 on the development of agricultural advisory services in Italy (OJ No L 38, 14.2.1979, p. 26), as last amended by:

- 387 R 1760: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1760/87 of 15 June 1987 (OJ No L 167, 26.6.1987, p. 1).

Article 14 (2).

18. 379 R 0357: Council Regulation (EEC) No 357/79 of 5 February 1979 on statistical surveys of areas under vines (OJ No L 54, 5.3.1979, p. 124), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3205: Council Regulation (EC) No 3205/93 of 16 November 1993 (OJ No L 289, 24.11.1993, p. 4).

Article 8 (2).

19. 380 R 0458: Council Regulation (EEC) No 458/80 of 18 February 1980 on collective projects for the restructuring of vineyards (OJ No L 57, 29.2.1980, p. 27), as last amended by:

- 391 R 0596: Council Regulation (EEC) No 596/91 of 4 March 1991 (OJ No L 67, 14.3.1991, p. 16).

Article 12 (2).

20. 381 R 1785: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1785/81 of 30 June 1981 on the common organization of the markets in the sugar sector (OJ No L 177, 1.7.1981, p. 4), as last amended by:

- 394 R 0133: Council Regulation (EC) No 133/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 229, 27.1.1994, p. 7).

Article 41 (2).

21. 386 R 0426: Council Regulation (EEC) No 426/86 of 24 February 1986 on the common organization of the market in products processed from fruit and vegetables (OJ No L 49, 27.2.1986, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 R 1569: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1569/92 of 16 June 1992 (OJ No L 166, 20.6.1992, p. 5).

Article 22 (2).

22. 388 R 0571: Council Regulation (EEC) No 571/88 of 29 February 1988 on the organization of Community surveys on the structure of agricultural holdings between 1988 and 1997 (OJ No L 56, 2.3.1988, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 D 0156: Commission Decision 93/156/EEC of 9 February 1993 (OJ No L 65, 17.3.1993, p. 12).

Article 15 (2).

23. 389 R 1576: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1576/89 of 29 May 1989 laying down general rules on the definition, description and presentation of spirit drinks (OJ No L 160, 12.6.1989, p. 1), as amended by:

- 392 R 3280: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3280/92 of 9 November 1992 (OJ No L 327, 13.11.1992, p. 3).

Article 14 (2).

24. 389 R 3013: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3013/89 of 25 September 1989 on the common organization of the market in sheepmeat and goatmeat (OJ No L 289, 7.10.1989, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 394 R 0233: Council Regulation (EC) No 233/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 30, 3.2.1994, p. 9).

Article 30 (2).

25. 390 R 0837: Council Regulation (EEC) No 837/90 of 26 March 1990 concerning statistical information to be supplied by the Member States on cereals production (OJ No L 88, 3.4.1990, p. 1), as amended by:

- 390 R 3570: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3570/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 8).

Article 11 (2).

26. 391 R 1601: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1601/91 of 10 June 1991 laying down general rules on the definition, description and presentation of aromatized wines, aromatized wine-based drinks and aromatized wine-product cocktails (OJ No L 149, 14.6.1991, p. 1), as amended by:

- 392 R 3279: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3279/92 of 9 November 1992 (OJ No L 327, 13.11.1992, p. 1).

Article 13 (2).

27. 392 R 1766: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1766/92 of 30 June 1992 on the common organization of the market in cereals (OJ No L 181, 1.7.1992, p. 21), as last amended by:

- 393 R 2193: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2193/93 of 28 July 1993 (OJ No L 196, 5.8.1993, p. 22).

Article 23 (2).

28. 393 R 0959: Council Regulation (EEC) No 959/93 of 5 April 1993 concerning statistical information to be supplied by Member States on crop products other than cereals (OJ No L 98, 24.4.1993, p. 1).

Article 12 (2).

29. 370 L 0373: Council Directive 70/373/EEC of 20 July 1970 on the introduction of Community methods of sampling and analysis for the official control of feedingstuffs (OJ No L 170, 3.8.1970, p. 2), as last amended by:

- 385 R 3768: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3768/85 of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 362, 31.12.1985, p. 8).

Article 3 (2).

30. 372 L 0280: Council Directive 72/280/EEC of 31 July 1972 on the statistical surveys to be made by Member States on milk and milk products (OJ No L 179, 7.8.1972, p. 2), as last amended by:

- 391 R 1057: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1057/91 of 26 April 1991 (OJ No L 107, 27.4.1991, p. 11).

Article 7 (2).

31. 376 L 0625: Council Directive 76/625/EEC of 20 July 1976 concerning the statistical surveys to be carried out by the Member States in order to determine the production potential of plantations of certain species of fruit trees (OJ No L 218, 11.8.1976, p. 10), as last amended by:

- 391 R 1057: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1057/91 of 26 April 1991 (OJ No L 107, 27.4.1991, p. 11).

Article 9 (2).

32. 377 L 0099: Council Directive 77/99/EEC of 21 December 1976 on health problems affecting the production and marketing of meat products and certain other products of animal origin (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 85), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 49).

Article 20 (2).

33. 382 L 0471: Council Directive 82/471/EEC of 30 June 1982 concerning certain products used in animal nutrition (OJ No L 213, 21.7.1982, p. 8), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0074: Council Directive 93/74/EEC of 13 September 1993 (OJ No L 237, 22.9.1993, p. 23).

Article 13 (2).

34. 385 L 0358: Council Directive 85/358/EEC of 16 July 1985 supplementing Directive 81/602/EEC concerning the prohibition of certain substances having a hormonal action and of any substances having a thyrostatic action (OJ No L 191, 23.7.1985, p. 46), as last amended by:

- 388 L 0146: Council Directive 88/146/EEC of 7 March 1988 (OJ No L 70, 16.3.1988, p. 16).

Article 10 (2).

35. 388 L 0146: Council Directive 88/146/EEC of 7 March 1988 prohibiting the use in livestock farming of certain substances having a hormonal action (OJ No L 70, 16.3.1988, p. 16).

Article 8 (2).

36. 393 L 0023: Council Directive 93/23/EEC of 1 June 1992 on the statistical surveys to be carried out on pig production (OJ No L 149, 21.6.1993, p. 1).

Article 17 (2).

37. 393 L 0024: Council Directive 93/24/EEC of 1 June 1993 on the statistical surveys to be carried out on bovine animal production (OJ No L 149, 21.6.1993, p. 5).

Article 17 (2).

38. 393 L 0025: Council Directive 93/25/EEC of 1 June 1993 on the statistical surveys to be carried out on sheep and goat stocks (OJ No L 149, 21.6.1993, p. 10).

Article 20 (2).

39. 374 R 1728: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1728/74 of 27 June 1974 on the coordination of agricultural research (OJ No L 182, 5.7.1974, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 385 R 3768: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3768/85 of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 362, 31.12.1985, p. 8).

Article 8 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

40. 364 L 0432: Council Directive 64/432/EEC of 26 June 1964 on animal health problems affecting intra-Community trade in bovine animals and swine (OJ No 121, 29.7.1964, p. 1977), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0102: Council Directive 92/102/EEC of 27 November 1992 (OJ No L 355, 5.12.1992, p. 32).

Article 12 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

41. 366 L 0400: Council Directive 66/400/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of beet seed (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2290/66), as last amended by:

- 390 L 0654: Council Directive 90/654/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 48).

Article 21 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

42. 366 L 0401: Council Directive 66/401/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of fodder plant seed (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2298/66), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0019: Commission Directive 92/19/EEC of 23 March 1992 (OJ No L 104, 22.4.1992, p. 61).

Article 21 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

43. 366 L 0402: Council Directive 66/402/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of cereal seed (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2309), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0002: Commission Directive 93/2/EEC of 28 January 1993 (OJ No L 54, 5.3.1993, p. 20).

Article 21 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

44. 366 L 0403: Council Directive 66/403/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of seed potatoes (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2320/66), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0108: Commission Directive 93/108/EC of 3 December 1993 (OJ No L 319, 21.12.1993, p. 39).

Article 19 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

45. 366 L 0404: Council Directive 66/404/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of forest reproductive material (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2326), as last amended by:

- 391 D 0044: Commission Decision 91/44/EEC of 16 January 1991 (OJ No L 23, 29.1.1991, p. 32).

Article 17 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

46. 368 L 0193: Council Directive 68/193/EEC of 9 April 1968 on the marketing of material for the vegetative propagation of the vine (OJ No L 93, 17.4.1968, p. 15), as last amended by:

- 390 L 0654: Council Directive 90/654/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 48).

Article 17 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

47. 369 L 0208: Council Directive 69/208/EEC of 30 June 1969 on the marketing of seed of oil and fibre plants (OJ No L 169, 10.7.1969, p. 3), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0107: Commission Directive 92/107/EEC of 11 December 1992 (OJ No L 16, 25.1.1993, p. 1):

Article 20 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

48. 370 L 0457: Council Directive 70/457/EEC of 29 September 1970 on the common catalogue of varieties of agricultural plant species (OJ No L 225, 12.10.1970, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 390 L 0654: Council Directive 90/654/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 48).

Article 23 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

49. 370 L 0458: Council Directive 70/458/EEC of 29 September 1970 on the marketing of vegetable seed (OJ No L 225, 12.10.1970, p. 7), as last amended by:

- 390 L 0654: Council Directive 90/654/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 48).

Article 40 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

50. 370 L 0524: Council Directive 70/524/EEC of 23 November 1970 concerning additives in feedingstuffs (OJ No L 270, 14.12.1970, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0114: Council Directive 93/114/EC of 14 December 1993 (OJ No L 334, 31.12.1993, p. 24).

Article 23 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

51. 371 L 0161: Council Directive 71/161/EEC of 30 March 1971 on external quality standards for forest reproductive material marketed within the Community (OJ No L 87, 17.4.1971, p. 14), as last amended by:

- 390 L 0654: Council Directive 90/654/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 48).

Article 18 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

52. 372 L 0461: Council Directive 72/461/EEC of 12 December 1972 on health problems affecting intra-Community trade in fresh meat (OJ No L 302, 31.12.1972, p. 24), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 49).

Article 9 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

53. 372 L 0462: Council Directive 72/462/EEC of 12 December 1972 on health and veterinary inspection problems upon importation of bovine animals and swine and fresh meat or meat products from third countries (OJ No L 302, 31.12.1972, p. 28), as last amended by:

- 392 R 1601: Council Regulation (EEC) of 15 June 1992 No 1601/92 (OJ No L 173, 27.6.1992, p. 13).

Article 29 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

54. 374 L 0063: Council Directive 74/63/EEC of 17 December 1973 on undesirable substances and products in animal nutrition (OJ No L 38, 11.2.1974, p. 31), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0074: Council Directive 93/74/EEC of 13 September 1993 (OJ No L 237, 22.9.1993, p. 23).

Article 9 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

55. 376 L 0895: Council Directive 76/895/EEC of 23 November 1976 relating to the fixing of maximum levels for pesticide residues in and on fruit and vegetables (OJ No L 340, 9.12.1976, p. 26), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0058: Council Directive 93/58/EEC of 29 June 1993 (OJ L 211, 23.8.1993, p. 6).

Article 7 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

56. 377 L 0093: Council Directive of 21 December 1976 on protective measures against the introduction into the Community of organisms harmful to plants or plant products and against their spread within the Community (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 20), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0110: Commission Directive 93/110/EEC of 9 December 1993 (OJ No L 303, 10.12.1993, p. 19).

(a) Article 16 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3;

(b) Article 16a (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

57. 377 L 0096: Council Directive 77/96/EEC of 21 December 1976 on the examination for trichinae (trichinella spiralis) upon importation from third countries of fresh meat derived from domestic swine (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 67), as last amended by:

- 389 L 0321: Commission Directive 89/321/EEC of 27 April 1989 (OJ No L 133, 17.5.1989, p. 33).

Article 9 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

58. 377 L 0101: Council Directive 77/101/EEC of 23 November 1976 on the marketing of straight feedingstuffs (OJ No L 32, 3.2.1977, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 390 L 0654: Council Directive 90/654/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 48).

Article 13 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

59. 377 L 0391: Council Directive 77/391/EEC of 17 May 1977 introducing Community measures for the eradication of brucellosis, tuberculosis and leucosis in cattle (OJ No L 145, 13.6.1977, p. 44), as last amended by:

- 385 R 3768: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3768/85 of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 362, 31.12.1985, p. 8).

Article 11 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

60. 377 L 0504: Council Directive 77/504/EEC of 25 July 1977 on pure-bred breeding animals of the bovine species (OJ No L 206, 12.8.1977, p. 8), as last amended by:

- 391 L 0174: Council Directive 91/174/EEC of 25 March 1991 (OJ No L 85, 5.4.1991, p. 37).

Article 8 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

61. 379 L 0117: Council Directive 79/117/EEC of 21 December 1978 prohibiting the placing on the market and use of plant protection products containing certain active substances (OJ No L 33, 8.2.1979, p. 36), as last amended by:

- 391 L 0188: Commission Directive 91/188/EEC of 19 March 1991 (OJ No L 92, 13.4.1991, p. 42).

Article 8 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

62. 379 L 0373: Council Directive 79/373/EEC of 2 April 1979 on the marketing of compound feedingstuffs (OJ No L 86, 6.4.1979, p. 30), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0074: Council Directive 93/74/EEC of 13 September 1993 (OJ No L 237, 22.9.1993, p. 23).

Article 13 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

63. 380 L 0215: Council Directive 80/215/EEC of 22 January 1980 on animal health problems affecting intra-Community trade in meat products (OJ No L 47, 21.2.1980, p. 4), as last amended by:

- 391 L 0687: Council Directive 91/687/EEC of 11 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 16).

Article 8 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

64. 380 L 0217: Council Directive 80/217/EEC of 22 January 1980 introducing Community measures for the control of classical swine fever (OJ No L 47, 21.2.1980, p. 11), as last amended by:

- 393 D 0384: Council Decision 93/384/EEC of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 166, 8.7.1993, p. 34).

Article 16 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

65. L 1095: Council Directive 80/1095/EEC of 11 November 1980 laying down conditions designed to render and keep the territory of the Community free from classical swine fever (OJ No L 325, 1.12.1980, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 391 D 0686: Council Decision 91/686/EEC of 11 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 15).

Article 9 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

66. 382 L 0894: Council Directive 82/894/EEC of 21 December 1982 on the notification of animal diseases within the Community (OJ No L 378, 31.12.1982, p. 58), as last amended by:

- 392 D 0450: Commission Decision 92/450/EEC of 30 July 1992 (OJ No L 248, 28.8.1992, p. 77).

Article 6 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

67. 385 L 0511: Council Directive 85/511/EEC of 18 November 1985 introducing Community measures for the control of foot-and-mouth disease (OJ No L 315, 26.11.1985, p. 11), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0380: Commission Directive 92/380/EEC of 2 July 1992 (OJ No L 198, 17.7.1992, p. 54).

Article 17 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

68. 386 L 0362: Council Directive 86/362/EEC of 24 July 1986 on the fixing of maximum levels for pesticide residues in and on cereals (OJ No L 221, 7.8.1986, p. 37), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0057: Council Directive 93/57/EEC of 29 June 1993 (OJ No L 211, 23.8.1993, p. 1).

Article 12 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

69. 386 L 0363: Council Directive 86/363/EEC of 24 July 1986 on the fixing of maximum levels for pesticide residues in and on foodstuffs of animal origin (OJ No L 221, 7.8.1986, p. 43), as amended by:

- 393 L 0057: Council Directive 93/57/EEC of 29 June 1993 (OJ No L 211, 23.8.1993, p. 1).

Article 12 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

70. 386 L 0469: Council Directive 86/469/EEC of 16 September 1986 concerning the examination of animals and fresh meat for the presence of residues (OJ No L 275, 26.9.1986, p. 36), as last amended by:

- 389 D 0187: Council Decision 89/187/EEC of 6 March 1989 (OJ No L 66, 10.3.1989, p. 37).

Article 15 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

71. 388 L 0407: Council Directive 88/407/EEC of 14 June 1988 laying down the animal health requirements applicable to intra-Community trade in and imports of deep-frozen semen of domestic animals of the bovine species (OJ No L 194, 22.7.1988, p. 10), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0060: Council Directive 93/60/EEC of 30 June 1993 (OJ No L 186, 28.7.1993, p. 28).

Article 19 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

72. 388 L 0661: Council Directive 88/661/EEC of 19 December 1988 on the zootechnical standards applicable to breeding animals of the porcine species (OJ No L 382, 31.12.1988, p. 36):

Article 11 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

73. 390 L 0429: Council Directive 90/429/EEC of 26 June 1990 laying down the animal health requirements applicable to intra-Community trade in and imports of semen of domestic animals of the porcine species (OJ No L 224, 18.8.1990, p. 62).

Article 18 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

74. 390 L 0667: Council Directive 90/667/EEC of 27 November 1990 laying down the veterinary rules for the disposal and processing of animal waste, for its placing on the market and for the prevention of pathogens in feedingstuffs of animal or fish origin and amending Directive 90/425/EEC (OJ No L 363, 27.12.1990, p. 51), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 49).

Article 19 (2) and (3); paragraphs 4 and 5 become paragraphs 3 and 4.

75. 392 L 0117: Council Directive 92/117/EEC of 17 December 1992 concerning measures for protection against specified zoonoses and specified zoonotic agents in animals and products of animal origin in order to prevent outbreaks of food-borne infections and intoxications (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 38):

Article 16 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

76. 392 L 0119: Council Directive 92/119/EEC of 17 December 1992 introducing general Community measures for the control of certain animal diseases and specific measures relating to swine vesicular disease (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 69):

Article 26 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

77. 380 D 1096: Council Decision 80/1096/EEC of 11 November 1980 introducing Community financial measures for the eradication of classical swine fever (OJ No L 325, 1.12.1980, p. 5), as last amended by:

- 391 D 0686: Council Decision 91/686/EEC of 11 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 15).

Article 6 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

78. 380 D 1097: Council Decision 80/1097/EEC of 11 November 1980 on financial aid from the Community for the eradication of African swine fever in Sardinia (OJ No L 325, 1.12.1980, p. 8), as last amended by:

- 385 R 3768: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3768/85 of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 362, 31.12.1985, p. 8).

Article 8 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

79. 392 D 0438: Council Decision 92/438/EEC of 13 July 1992 on computerization of veterinary import procedures (Shift project), amending Directives 90/675/EEC, 91/496/EEC and 91/628/EEC and Decision 90/424/EEC, and repealing Decision 88/192/EEC (OJ No L 234, 25.8.1992, p. 27):

Article 13 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

B. In the following acts and in the Articles indicated, the paragraph(s) listed is/are replaced by the following paragraph:

'2. The representative of the Commission shall submit to the Committee a draft of the measures to be taken. The Committee shall deliver its opinion within two days. The opinion shall be delivered by the majority laid down in Article 148 (2) of the Treaty in the case of decisions which the Council is required to adopt on a proposal from the Commission. The votes of the representatives of the Member States within the Committee shall be weighted in the manner set out in that Article. The Chairman shall not vote.`:

1. 382 L 0471: Council Directive 82/471/EEC of 30 June 1982 concerning certain products used in animal nutrition (OJ No L 213, 21.7.1982, p. 8), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0074: Council Directive 93/74/EEC of 13 September 1993 (OJ No L 237, 22.9.1993, p. 23).

Article 14 (2).

2. 385 L 0358: Council Directive 85/358/EEC of 16 July 1985 supplementing Directive 81/602/EEC concerning the prohibition of certain substances having a hormonal action and of any substances having a thyrostatic action (OJ No L 191, 23.7.1985, p. 46), as last amended by:

- 389 D 0358: Commission Decision 89/358/EEC of 23 May 1989 (OJ No L 151, 3.6.1989, p. 39).

Article 11 (2).

3. 364 L 0432: Council Directive 64/432/EEC of 26 June 1964 on animal health problems affecting intra-Community trade in bovine animals and swine (OJ No 121, 29.7.1964, p. 1977), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0102: Council Directive 92/102/EEC of 27 November 1992 (OJ No L 355, 5.12.1992, p. 32).

Article 13 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

4. 370 L 0524: Council Directive 70/524/EEC of 23 November 1970 concerning additives in feedingstuffs (OJ No L 270, 14.12.1970, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0114: Council Directive 93/114/EC of 14 December 1993 (OJ No L 334, 31.12.1993, p. 24).

Article 24 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

5. 372 L 0462: Council Directive 72/462/EEC of 12 December 1972 on health and veterinary inspection problems upon importation of bovine animals and swine and fresh meat or meat products from third countries (OJ No L 302, 31.12.1972, p. 28), as last amended by:

- 392 R 1601: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1601/92 of 15 June 1992 (OJ No L 173, 27.6.1992, p. 13).

Article 30 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

6. 374 L 0063: Council Directive 74/63/EEC of 17 December 1973 on undesirable substances and products in animal nutrition (OJ No L 38, 11.2.1974, p. 31), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0074: Council Directive 93/74/EEC of 13 September 1993 (OJ No L 237, 22.9.1993, p. 23).

Article 10 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

7. 376 L 0895: Council Directive 76/895/EEC of 23 November 1976 relating to the fixing of maximum levels for pesticide residues in and on fruit and vegetables (OJ No L 340, 9.12.1976, p. 26), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0058: Council Directive 93/58/EEC of 29 June 1993 (OJ No L 211, 23.8.1993, p. 6).

Article 8 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

8. 377 L 0093: Council Directive of 21 December 1976 on protective measures against the introduction into the Community of organisms harmful to plants or plant products and against their spread within the Community (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 20), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0110: Commission Directive 93/110/EC of 9 December 1993 (OJ No L 303, 10.12.1993, p. 19).

Article 17 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

9. 380 L 0217: Council Directive 80/217/EEC of 22 January 1980 introducing Community measures for the control of classical swine fever (OJ No L 47, 21.2.1980, p. 11), as last amended by:

- 393 D 0384: Council Decision 93/384/EEC of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 166, 8.7.1993, p. 34).

Article 16 (a) (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

10. 385 L 0511: Council Directive 85/511/EEC of 18 November 1985 introducing Community measures for the control of foot-and-mouth disease (OJ No L 315, 26.11.1985, p. 11), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0380: Commission Directive 92/380/EEC of 2 July 1992 (OJ No L 198, 17.7.1992, p. 54).

Article 16 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

11. 386 L 0362: Council Directive 86/362/EEC of 24 July 1986 on the fixing of maximum levels for pesticide residues in and on cereals (OJ No L 221, 7.8.1986, p. 37), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0057: Council Directive 93/57/EEC of 29 June 1993 (OJ No L 211, 23.8.1993, p. 1).

Article 13 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

12. 386 L 0363: Council Directive 86/363/EEC of 24 July 1986 on the fixing of maximum levels for pesticide residues in and on foodstuffs of animal origin (OJ No L 221, 7.8.1986, p. 43), amended by:

- 393 L 0057: Council Directive 93/57/EEC of 29 June 1993 (OJ No L 211, 23.8.1993, p. 1).

Article 13 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

13. 386 L 0469: Council Directive 86/469/EEC of 16 September 1986 concerning the examination of animals and fresh meat for the presence of residues (OJ No L 275, 26.9.1986, p. 36), as last amended by:

- 389 D 0187: Council Decision 89/187/EEC of 6 March 1989 (OJ No L 66, 10.3.1989, p. 37).

Article 14 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

14. 388 L 0407: Council Directive 88/407/EEC of 14 June 1988 laying down the animal health requirements applicable to intra-Community trade in and imports of deep-frozen semen of domestic animals of the bovine species (OJ No L 194, 22.7.1988, p. 10), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0060: Council Directive 93/60/EEC of 30 June 1993 (OJ No L 186, 28.7.1993, p. 28).

Article 18 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

15. 390 L 0429: Council Directive 90/429/EEC of 26 June 1990 laying down the animal health requirements applicable to intra-Community trade in and imports of semen of domestic animals of the porcine species (OJ No L 224, 18.8.1990, p. 62):

Article 19 (2) and (3); paragraph 4 becomes paragraph 3.

16. 390 L 0667: Council Directive 90/667/EEC of 27 November 1990 laying down the veterinary rules for the disposal and processing of animal waste, for its placing on the market and for the prevention of pathogens in feedstuffs of animal or fish origin and amending Directive 90/425/EEC (OJ No L 363, 27.12.1990, p. 51), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0118: Council Directive 92/118/EEC of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 62, 15.3.1993, p. 49).

Article 18 (2) and (3); paragraphs 4 and 5 become paragraphs 3 and 4.

VI. TRANSPORT

A. INLAND TRANSPORT

1. 370 R 1108: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1108/70 of 4 June 1970 introducing an accounting system for expenditure on infrastructure in respect of transport by rail, road and inland waterway (OJ No L 130, 15.6.1970, p. 4), as amended by:

- 370 R 2598: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2598/70 of 18 December 1970 (OJ No L 278, 23.12.1970, p. 1),

- 371 R 0281: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 281/71 of 9 February 1971 (OJ No L 33, 10.2.1971, p. 11),

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 379 R 1384: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1384/79 of 25 June 1979 (OJ No L 167, 5.7.1979, p. 1),

- 381 R 3021: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3021/81 of 19 October 1981 (OJ No L 302, 23.10.1981, p. 8),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 R 3572: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3572/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 12).

Annex II is amended as follows:

(a) Under the heading 'A.1. RAIL - Main networks` the following are inserted:

'Republic of Austria

- Österreichische Bundesbahnen (ÖBB)`

'Kingdom of Norway

- Norges Statsbaner (NSB)`

'Republic of Finland

- Valtionrautatiet/Statsjärnvägarna (VR)`

'Kingdom of Sweden

- Statens järnvägar (SJ)`;

(b) Under the heading 'A.2. RAIL - Networks open to public traffic and connected to the main network (excluding urban networks)` the following are inserted:

'Kingdom of Norway

- Norges Statsbaner (NSB)`

'Republic of Finland

- Valtionrautatiet/Statsjärnvägarna (VR)`

'Kingdom of Sweden

- Inlandsbanen Aktiebolag (IBAB)

- Malmö-Limhamns Järnväg (MLJ)

- Växjö-Hultsfred-Västerviks Järnväg (VHVJ)

- Johannesberg-Ljungaverks Järnväg (JLJ)`;

(c) Under the heading 'B. ROAD` the following are inserted:

'Republic of Austria

1. Bundesautobahnen

2. Bundesstraßen

3. Landesstraßen

4. Gemeindestraßen`

'Kingdom of Norway

1. Riksveger

2. Fylkesveger

3. Kommunale veger`

'Republic of Finland

1. Päätiet/Huvudvägar

2. Muut maantiet/Övriga landsvägar

3. Paikallistiet/Bygdevägar

4. Kadut ja kaavatiet/Gator och planlagda vägar`

'Kingdom of Sweden

1. Motorvägar

2. Motortrafikleder

3. Övriga vägar`.

2. 371 R 0281: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 281/71 of 9 February 1971 determining the composition of the list of waterways of maritime character provided for in Article 3 (e) of Council Regulation (EEC) No 1108/70 of 4 June 1970 (OJ No L33, 10.2.1971, p. 11), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following is added to the Annex:

'Finland

- Saimaan kanava/Saima kanal

- Saimaan vesistö/Saimens vattendrag

Sweden

- Trollhätte kanal and Göta älv

- Lake Vänern

- Södertälje kanal

- Lake Mälaren`.

3. 385 R 3821: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3821/85 of 20 December 1985 on recording equipment in road transport (OJ No L 370, 31.12.1985, p. 8), as amended by:

- 390 R 3314: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3314/90 of 16 November 1990 (OJ No L 318, 17.11.1990, p. 20),

- 390 R 3572: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3572/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 12),

- 392 R 3688: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3688/92 of 21 December 1992 (OJ No L 374, 22.12.1992, p. 12).

The following are inserted in Annex II, in the column under the first indent of paragraph 1:

'Austria 12,`

'Finland 17,`

'Norway 16,`

'Sweden 5`.

4. 391 L 0439: Council Directive 91/439/EEC of 29 July 1991 on driving licences (OJ No L 237, 24.8.1991, p. 1), as corrected by OJ No L 310, 12.11.1991, p. 16.

(a) The third indent of point 2 in Annex I is replaced by the following:

'- the distinguishing sign of the Member State issuing the licence, whose signs shall be as follows:

>TABLE>

`

(b) The second paragraph of point 3 of Annex I is replaced by the following:

'If a Member State wishes to make those entries in a national language other than one of the following languages: Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish, Swedish, it will draw up a bilingual version of the licence using one of the aforementioned languages, without prejudice to the other provisions of this Annex.`.

5. 392 L 0106: Council Directive 92/106/EEC of 7 December 1992 on the establishment of common rules for certain types of combined transport of goods between Member States (OJ No L 368, 17.12.1992, p. 38).

The following are inserted in Article 6 (3):

'- Austria:

Straßenverkehrsbeitrag;`

'- Finland:

varsinainen ajoneuvovero/egentlig fordonsskatt,`

'- Norway:

vektårsavgift;`

'- Sweden:

fordonsskatt;`

6. 392 R 0881: Council Regulation (EEC) No 881/92 of 26 March 1992 on access to the market in the carriage of goods by road within the Community to or from the territory of a Member State or passing across the territory of one or more Member States (OJ No L 95, 9.4.1992, p. 1) with corrigendum (OJ No L 213, 29.7.1992, p. 36).

The following are inserted in Annex I (Blue Card), footnote 1:

'(A) Austria` as from 1 January 1997, '(FIN) Finland`, '(N) Norway`, '(S) Sweden`.

7. 392 R 1839: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1839/92 of 1 July 1992 laying down detailed rules for the application of Council Regulation No 684/92 as regards documents for the international carriage of passengers (OJ No L 187, 7.7.1992, p. 5), as amended by

- 393 R 2944: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2944/93 of 25 October 1993 (OJ No L 266, 27.10.1993, p. 2).

The following are inserted in Annex IA, footnote 1, Annex IV, first footnote 1 and Annex V, footnote 1:

'(A) Austria`, '(FIN) Finland`, '(N) Norway`, '(S) Sweden`.

8. 392 R 2454: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2454/92 of 23 July 1992 laying down the conditions under which non-resident carriers may operate national road passenger transport services within a Member State (OJ No L 251, 29.8.1992, p. 1).

The following are inserted in footnote 1 to Annex I, to Annex II and to Annex III respectively:

'(A) Austria,`, '(N) Norway,`, '(FIN) Finland,`, '(S) Sweden.`.

9. 393 L 0089: Council Directive 93/89/EEC of 25 October 1993 on the application by Member States of taxes on certain vehicles used for the carriage of goods by road and tolls and charges for the use of certain infrastructures (OJ No L 279, 12.11.1993, p. 32).

The following are inserted in Article 3 (1):

'Austria

Kraftfahrzeugsteuer`

'Finland

varsinainen ajoneuvovero/egentlig fordonsskatt`

'Norway

vektårsavgift`

'Sweden

fordonsskatt`

B. TRANSPORT BY RAIL

1. 369 R 1192: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1192/69 of 26 June 1969 on common rules for the normalization of the accounts of railway undertakings (OJ No L 156, 28.6.1969, p. 8), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 R 3572: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3572/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 12).

The following are inserted in Article 3:

'- Österreichische Bundesbahnen (ÖBB);`

'- Norges Statsbaner (NSB);`

'- Valtionrautatiet/Statsjärnvägarna (VR);`

'- Statens järnvägar (SJ).`.

2. 377 R 2830: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2830/77 of 12 December 1977 on the measures necessary to achieve comparability between the accounting systems and annual accounts of railway undertakings (OJ No L 334, 24.12.1977, p. 13), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 R 3572: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3572/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 12).

The following are inserted in Article 2:

'- Österreichische Bundesbahnen (ÖBB);`

'- Norges Statsbaner (NSB);`

'- Valtionrautatiet/Statsjärnvägarna (VR);`

'- Statens järnvägar (SJ).`.

3. 378 R 2183: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2183/78 of 19 September 1978 laying down uniform costing principles for railway undertakings (OJ No L 258, 21.9.1978, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 R 3572: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3572/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 12).

The following are inserted in Article 2:

'- Österreichische Bundesbahnen (ÖBB);`

'- Norges Statsbaner (NSB);`

'- Valtionrautatiet/Statsjärnvägarna (VR);`

'- Statens järnvägar (SJ).`.

4. 382 D 0529: Council Decision 82/529/EEC of 19 July 1982 on the fixing of rates for the international carriage of goods by rail (OJ No L 234, 9.8.1982, p. 5), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 R 3572: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3572/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 12).

The following are inserted in Article 1:

'- Österreichische Bundesbahnen (ÖBB);`

'- Norges Statsbaner (NSB);`

'- Valtionrautatiet/Statsjärnvägarna (VR);`

'- Statens järnvägar (SJ).`.

5. 383 D 0418: Council Decision 83/418/EEC of 25 July 1983 on the commercial independence of the railways in the management of their international passenger and luggage traffic (OJ No L 237, 26.8.1983, p. 32), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 R 3572: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3572/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 12).

The following is added to Article 1:

'- Österreichische Bundesbahnen (ÖBB);`

'- Norges Statsbaner (NSB);`

'- Valtionrautatiet/Statsjärnvägarna (VR);`

'- Statens järnvägar (SJ).`.

C. TRANSPORT BY INLAND WATERWAY

1. 377 D 0527: Commission Decision 77/527/EEC of 29 July 1977 establishing the list of maritime shipping lanes for the application of Council Directive 76/135/EEC (OJ No L 209, 17.8.1977, p. 29), as amended by:

- 378 L 1016: Council Directive 78/1016/EEC of 23 November 1978 (OJ No L 349, 13.12.1978, p. 31),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following is added to the list set out in the Annex:

'SUOMI

- Saimaan kanava/Saima kanal

- Saimaan vesistö/Saimens vattendrag

SVERIGE

- Trollhätte kanal and Göta älv

- Lake Vänern

- Lake Mälaren

- Södertälje kanal

- Falsterbo kanal

- Sotenkanalen`.

2. 382 L 0714: Council Directive 82/714/EEC of 4 October 1982 laying down technical requirements for inland waterway vessels (OJ No L 301, 28.10.1982, p. 1).

Annex I is amended as follows:

(a) The following is added to 'CHAPTER I`, 'Zone 2`:

'Sweden

Trollhätte kanal and Göta älv.

Lake Vänern.

Södertälje kanal

Lake Mälaren.

Falsterbo kanal.

Sotenkanalen.`;

(b) the following is added to 'CHAPTER II`, 'Zone 3`:

'Austria

Danube from the Austrian-German border to the Austrian-Slovak border.

Sweden

Göta kanal.

Lake Vättern.`;

(c) the following is added to 'CHAPTER III`, 'Zone 4`:

'Sweden

All other rivers, canals and lakes not listed in Zones 1, 2 and 3.`.

3. 391 L 0672: Council Directive 91/672/EEC of 16 December 1991 on the reciprocal recognition of national boatmasters' certificates for the carriage of goods and passengers by inland waterway (OJ No L 373, 31.12.1991, p. 29).

(a) Annex I is amended as follows:

(i) under the heading 'GROUP A` the following is added:

'Republic of Finland:

- Laivurinkirja/Skepparbrev,

- Kuljettajankirja I/Förarbrev I.

Kingdom of Sweden:

- Bevis om behörighet som skeppare B,

- Bevis om behörighet som skeppare A,

- Bevis om behörighet som styrman B,

- Bevis om behörighet som styrman A,

- Bevis om behörighet som sjökapten.`;

(ii) Under the heading 'GROUP B` the following is added:

'Republic of Austria

- Kapitänspatent A,

- Schiffsführerpatent A.`

'Republic of Finland

- Laivurinkirja/Skepparbrev,

- Kuljettajankirja I/Förarbrev I.`;

'Kingdom of Sweden:

- Bevis om behörighet som skeppare B,

- Bevis om behörighet som skeppare A,

- Bevis om behörighet som styrman B,

- Bevis om behörighet som styrman A,

- Bevis om behörighet som sjökapten.`;

(b) the following are inserted in Annex II:

'Republic of Finland

Saimaan kanava/Saima kanal, Saimaan vesistö/Saimens vattendrag.`

'Kingdom of Sweden

Trollhätte kanal and Göta älv, Lake Vänern, Lake Mälaren, Södertälje kanal, Falsterbo kanal, Sotenkanalen`.

D. AIR TRANSPORT

1. 392 R 2408: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2408/92 of 23 July 1992 on access for Community air carriers to intra-Community air routes (OJ No L 240, 24.8.1992, p. 8).

(a) The following are inserted in ANNEX I, 'List of category 1 airports`:

>TABLE>

(b) The following are inserted in ANNEX II, 'List of airport systems`:

>TABLE>

2. 393 L 0065: Council Directive 93/65/EEC of 19 July 1993 on the definition and use of compatible technical specifications for the procurement of air-traffic-management equipment and systems (OJ No L 187, 29.7.1993, p. 52).

The following are inserted in ANNEX II:

'Austria

Austro Control GmbH

Schnirchgasse 11

A-1030 Wien`

'Finland

Ilmailulaitos/Luftfartsverket

P.O. Box 50

FIN-01531 Vantaa

Acquisitions for small airports and aerodromes may be made by local authorities or by the owners.`

'Norway

Luftfartsverket

P.O. Box 8124 Dep.

N-0032 Oslo

Oslo Hovedflyplass A/S

P.O. Box 2654 St. Hanshaugen

N-0131 Oslo

Acquisitions for small airports and aerodromes may be made by local authorities or by the owners.'

'Sweden

Luftfartsverket

S-601 79 Norrköping`.

VII. DEVELOPMENT

391 D 0482: Council Decision 91/482/EEC of 25 July 1991 on the association of the overseas countries and territories with the European Economic Community (OJ No L 263, 19.9.1991, p. 1).

(a) In Annex II, Article 13 (3), the following are added:

'ANNETTU JÄLKIKÄTEEN/UTFÄRDAT I EFTERHAND`, 'UTSTEDT I ETTERHÅND`, 'UTFÄRDAT I EFTERHAND`;

(b) In Annex II, Article 14, the following are added:

'KAKSOISKAPPALE/DUPLIKAT`, 'DUPLIKAT`, 'DUPLIKAT`;

(c) In Annex III, Article 3, the following are added:

'KAKSOISKAPPALE/DUPLIKAT`, 'DUPLIKAT`, 'DUPLIKAT`.

VIII. ENVIRONMENT

A. WATER PROTECTION AND MANAGEMENT

1. 376 L 0160: Council Directive 76/160/EEC of 8 December 1975 concerning the quality of bathing water (OJ No L 31, 5.2.1976, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 11 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

2. 377 D 0795: Council Decision 77/795/EEC of 12 December 1977 establishing a common procedure for the exchange of information on the quality of surface fresh water in the Community (OJ No L 334, 24.12.1977, p. 29), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 381 D 0856: Council Decision 81/856/EEC of 19 October 1981 (OJ No L 319, 7.11.1981, p. 17),

- 384 D 0422: Council Decision 84/422/EEC of 24 July 1984 (OJ No L 237, 5.9.1984, p. 15),

- 386 D 0574: Council Decision 86/574/EEC of 24 November 1986 (OJ No L 335, 28.11.1986, p. 44).

(a) In Article 8 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

(b) The following is added to Annex I 'LIST OF SAMPLING OR MEASURING STATIONS INVOLVED IN THE EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION`:

'>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

`.

3. 378 L 0659: Council Directive 78/659/EEC of 18 July 1978 on the quality of fresh waters needing protection or improvement in order to support fish life (OJ No L 222, 14.8. 1978, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19. 11. 1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 14 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

4. 379 L 0869: Council Directive 79/869/EEC of 9 October 1979 concerning the methods of measurements and frequencies of sampling and analysis of surface water intended for the abstraction of drinking water in the Member States (OJ No L 271, 29.10.1979, p. 44), as amended by:

- 381 L 0855: Council Directive 81/855/EEC of 19 October 1981 (OJ No L 319, 7.11.1981, p. 16),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 11 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

5. 380 L 0778: Council Directive 80/778/EEC of 15 July 1980 relating to the quality of water intended for human consumption (OJ No L 229, 30.8.1980, p. 11), as amended by:

- 381 L 0858: Council Directive 81/858/EEC of 19 October 1981 (OJ No L 319, 7.11.1981, p. 19),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 15 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

6. 382 L 0883: Council Directive 82/883/EEC of 3 December 1982 on procedures for the surveillance and monitoring of environments concerned by waste from the titanium dioxide industry (OJ No L 378, 31.12.1982, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Article 11 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

B. MONITORING OF ATMOSPHERIC POLLUTION

1. 380 L 0779: Council Directive 80/779/EEC of 15 July 1980 on air quality limit values and guide values for sulphur dioxide and suspended particulates (OJ No L 229, 30.8.1980, p. 30), as amended by:

- 381 L 0857: Council Directive 81/857/EEC of 19 October 1981, (OJ No L 319, 7.11.1981, p. 18),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0427: Council Directive 89/427/EEC of 21 June 1989 (OJ No L 201, 14.7.1989, p. 53),

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 14 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

2. 382 L 0884: Council Directive 82/884/EEC of 3 December 1982 on a limit value for lead in the air (OJ No L 378, 31.12.1982, p. 15), as amended by:

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 11 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

3. 385 L 0203: Council Directive 85/203/EEC of 7 March 1985 on air quality standards for nitrogen dioxide (OJ No L 87, 27.3.85, p. 1), as amended by:

- 385 L 0580: Council Directive 85/580/EEC of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 372, 31.12.1985, p. 36),

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 14 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

4. 385 L 0210: Council Directive 85/210/EEC of 20 March 1985 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning the lead content of petrol (OJ No L 96, 3.4.1985, p. 25), as amended by:

- 385 L 0581: Council Directive 85/581/EEC of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 372, 31.12.1985, p. 37),

- 387 L 0416: Council Directive 87/416/EEC of 21 July 1987 (OJ No L 225, 13.8.1987, p. 33).

In Article 12 (2), '54` shall be replaced by '64`.

5. 387 L 0217: Council Directive 87/217/EEC of 19 March 1987 on the prevention and reduction of environmental pollution by asbestos (OJ No L 85, 28.3.1987, p. 40), as amended by:

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 12 (2), '54` shall be replaced by '64`.

6. 388 L 0609: Council Directive 88/609/EEC of 24 November 1988 on the limitation of emissions of certain pollutants into the air from large combustion plants (OJ No L 336, 7.12.1988, p. 1), as amended by:

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59).

(a) In Annex I, the following entries are inserted in the table entitled 'CEILINGS AND REDUCTION TARGETS FOR EMISSIONS OF SO2, FROM EXISTING PLANTS` in the columns indicated:

'

>TABLE>

`

;

(b) In Annex II, the following entries are inserted in the table entitled 'CEILINGS AND REDUCTION TARGETS OF NOx, FROM EXISTING PLANTS` in the columns indicated:

'

>TABLE>

`.

C. PREVENTION OF NOISE POLLUTION

379 L 0113: Council Directive 79/113/EEC of 19 December 1978 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the determination of the noise emission of construction plant and equipment (OJ No L 33, 8.2.1979, p. 15), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 381 L 1051: Council Directive 81/1051/EEC of 7 December 1981 (OJ No L 376, 30.12.1981, p. 49),

- 385 L 0405: Commission Directive 85/405/EEC of 11 July 1985 (OJ No L 233, 30.8.1985, p. 9),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Article 5 (2), '54` shall be replaced by '64`.

D. CHEMICALS, INDUSTRIAL RISK AND BIOTECHNOLOGY

1. 367 L 0548: Council Directive 67/548/EEC of 27 June 1967 on the approximation of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances (OJ No L 196, 16.8.1967, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0101: Commission Directive 93/101/EC of 11 November 1993 (OJ No L 13, 15.1.1994, p. 1).

In Article 21 (2), '54` shall be replaced by '64`.

2. 378 D 0618: Commission Decision 78/618/EEC of 28 June 1978 setting up a Scientific Advisory Committee to examine the toxicity and ecotoxicity of chemical compounds (OJ No L 198, 22.7.1978, p. 17), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 380 D 1084: Commission Decision 80/1084/EEC (OJ No L 316, 25.11.1980, p. 21),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 D 0241: Commission Decision 88/241/EEC (OJ No L 105, 26.4.1988, p. 29).

In Article 3, '24` is replaced by '32`, and '12` is replaced by '16`.

3. 382 L 0501: Council Directive 82/501/EEC of 24 June 1982 on the major accident hazards of certain industrial activities (OJ No L 230, 5.8.1982, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23)

- 387 L 0216: Council Directive 87/216/EEC of 19 March 1987 (OJ No L 85, 28.3.1987, p. 36),

- 388 L 0610: Council Directive 88/610/EEC of 24 November 1988 (OJ No L 336, 7.12.1988, p. 14),

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 16 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

4. 391 D 0596: Council Decision 91/596/EEC of 4 November 1991 concerning the Summary Notification Information Format referred to in Article 9 of Directive 90/220/EEC on the deliberate release into the environment of genetically modified organisms (OJ No L 322, 23.11.1991, p. 1).

In the Annex under the heading 'INFORMATION RELATING TO ANNEX II of Directive 90/220/EEC`, Part A, paragraph 3, (b), (i) add the following:

'Boreal [ ]Arctic [ ]`.

E. CONSERVATION OF WILD FAUNA AND FLORA

1. 379 L 0409: Council Directive 79/409/EEC of 2 April 1979 on the conservation of wild birds (OJ No L 103, 25.04.1979, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 381 L 0854: Council Directive (81/854/EEC) of 19 October 1981 (OJ No L 319,7.11.1981, p. 3),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 385 L 0411: Commission Directive 85/411/EEC of 25 July 1985 amending Council Directive 79/409/EEC on the conservation of wild birds (OJ No L 233, 30.8.1985, p. 33),

- 386 L 0122: Council Directive 86/122/EEC of 8 April 1986 (OJ No L 100, 16.4.1986, p. 22),

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0244: Council Directive 91/244/EEC (OJ No L 115, 8.5.1991, p. 41).

(a) ANNEX I is amended as follows:

(i) the following entries are added to the table:

'40.a Mergus albellus`

'71.a Falco rusticolus`

'101.a Calidris minuta`

'103.a Limosa lapponica`

'105.a Xenus cinereus`

'127.a Surnia ulula`

'128.a Strix nebulosa`

'128.b Strix uralensis`

'148.a Anthus cervinus`

'175.a Emberiza pusillus`

(ii) the following columns are added opposite the numbers cited:

'

>TABLE>

`.

(b) In Annex II/1, the following columns are added opposite the numbers cited:

'

>TABLE>

`.

(c) Annex II/2 is amended as follows:

(i) the following entries are added to the table:

38.a Lagopus lagopus lagopus

73. Garulus glandarius

74. Pica Pica

75. Corvus monedula

76. Corvus frugilegus

77. Corvus corone

(ii) the following columns are added opposite the numbers cited:

>TABLE>

(d) The following shall be added to tables at the end of Annex II/2 (containing species No 25 to No 72):

'Österreich`

'Sverige`

'Suomi/Finland`

'Norge`

- the following is added:

' + = Jäsenvaltiot, jotka 7 artiklan 3 kohdan perusteella voivat sallia luettelossa mainittujen lajien metsästyksen.

+= Medlemsstater som i henhold til artikkel 7 nr. 3 kan tillate jakt på de angitte artene.

+= Medlemsstater, som enligt artikel 7.3, får tillåta jakt på de angivna arterna.`

- add in tables at the end of Annex II/2 a '+` under 'Österreich`, and in relation to the following species:

25. Cygnus olor 35. Bucephala clangula

38. Bonasa bonasia (Tetrastes bonasia)

39. Tetrao tetrix (Lyrurus tetrix)

40. Tetrao urogallus

42. Coturnix coturnix

43. Meleagris gallopavo

59. Larus ridibundus

65. Streptopelia decaoctoa

66. Streptopelia turtur

69. Turdus pilaris

- add in tables at the end of Annex II/2 a '+` under 'Sverige`, in relation to the following species:

27. Anser albifrons

31. Somateria mollissima

32. Clangula hyemalis

33. Melanitta nigra

34. Melanitta fusca

35. Bucephala clangula

36. Mergus serrator

37. Mergus merganser

38. Bonasa bonasia (Tetrastes bonasia)

39. Tetrao tetrix (Lyrurus tetrix)

40. Tetrao urogallus

59. Larus ridibundus

60. Larus canus

62. Larus argentatus

63. Larus marinus

68. Turdus merula

69. Turdus pilaris

- add in tables at the end of Annex II/2 a '+` under 'Suomi`, in relation to the following species:

31. Somateria mollissima

32. Clangula hyemalis

33. Melanitta nigra

34. Melanitta fusca

35. Bucephala clangula

36. Mergus serrator

37. Mergus merganser

38. Bonasa bonasia

39. Tetrao tetrix

40. Tetrao urogallus

62. Larus argentatus

60. Larus canus

63. Larus marinus

69. Turdus pilaris

- add in tables at the end of Annex II/2a '+` under 'Norge`, in relation to the following species:

26. Anser brachyrhyncus

31. Somateria mollissima

32. Clangula hyemalis

33. Melanitta nigra

34. Melanitta fusca

35. Bucephala clangula

36. Mergus serrator

37. Mergus merganser

38. Bonasa bonasia

39. Tetrao tetrix

40. Tetrao urogallus

47. Pluvialis apricaria

50. Calidris canutus

51. Philomachus pugnax

54. Numenius phaeopus

55. Numenius arquata

58. Tringa nebularia

59. Larus ridibundus

60. Larus canus

62. Larus argentatus

63. Larus marinus

64. Columba oenas

69. Turdus pilaris

71. Turdus iliacus

- add in tables at the end of Annex II/2 a '+` under 'Sverige`, in relation to the abovementioned species entries 38.a and 73. to 77.

- add in tables at the end of Annex II/2 a '+` under 'Suomi`, in relation to the following species:

38.a Lagopus lagopus lagopus

74. Pica pica

75. Corvus monedula

77. Corvus corone

- add in tables at the end of Annex II/2 a '+` under 'Norge`, in relation to the following species:

38.a Lagopus lagopus lagopus

73. Garrulus glandarius

74. Pica pica

77. Corvus corone.

(e) In Annex III/1, the following columns are added opposite the numbers cited:

>TABLE>

Annex III/1, 2. after 'Lagopus lagopus` add 'lagopus` (entry 2. to read 'Lagopus lagopus lagopus, scoticus et hibernicus`)

(f) To Annex III/2 the following columns are added opposite the numbers cited:

>TABLE>

(g) Add in Annex IV(a), first indent, after - Snares: '(with the exception of Finland, Norway and Sweden for the capture of Lagopus lagopus lagopus and Lagopus mutus north of latitude 58°N)`.

2. 381 R 0348: Council Regulation (EEC) No 348/81 of 20 January 1981 on common rules for import of whales or other cetacean products (OJ No 39, 12.2.1981, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Article 2 (2), `54' is replaced by `64'.

3. 382 R 3626: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3626/82 of 3 December 1982 on the implementation in the Community of the Convention on international trade in endangered species of wild fauna and flora (OJ L 384, 31.12.1982, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 R 1970: Council Regulation No (EEC) 1970/92 (OJ No L 201, 20.7.1992, p. 1).

(a) The following is added to Article 13(3):

- 'Utrotningshotade arter`

- 'Uhanalaisia lajeja / Hotade arter`

- 'Truede arter`

(b) In Article 21 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

4. 392 L 0043: Council Directive 92/43/EEC of 21 May 1992 on the conservation of natural habitats and of wild fauna and flora (OJ No L 206, 22.7.1992, p. 7).

(a) In Article 1 (c) (iii), 'five` is replaced by 'six`, and 'Boreal`, is added after 'Atlantic,`.

(b) In Annex I, these are added:

(1) a new sentence, under interpretation, 'Code`: 'The boreal and pannonic habitats are identified with the 1993 Corine habitats code`.

(2) in Coastal and Halophytic Habitats, under the heading 'Salt and gypsum` continental steppes, after point 15.19, a new point: '15.1A, *Pannonic salt steppes and salt marshes`.

(3) in Coastal Sand Dunes and Continental Dunes, under the heading 'Continental dunes, old and decalcified`, after point 64.1x35.2, a new point: '64.71, *Pannonic inland dunes`.

(4) in Natural and Semi-Natural Grassland Formations, under the heading 'Semi-natural dry grasslands and scrubland facies`, before point 34.32 to 34.34, a new point: '34.31, *Sub-continental steppic grassland`

and after point 34.5, two new points: '34.91, *Pannonic steppes`, and '34.A1, *Pannonic sand steppes`.

(5) in Raised Bogs and Mires and Fens, after point 54.3: a new heading 'Aapa mires`, and under this new heading two points: '54.8, *Aapa mires` and '54.9, *Palsa mires`.

(6) in Forests, before the heading 'Forests of temperate Europe`: a new heading 'Boreal forests`, and under this new heading, a point '42.C, *Western taiga`.

(7) in Forests, under the heading 'Forests of temperate Europe`, after point 41.26, a new point: '41.2B, *Pannonic oak-hornbeam forest`;

and after point 41.53, two new points: '41.7374, *Pannonian white-oak woods`, and '41.7A, *Euro-Siberian steppe oak wood`.

(c) in Annex II, the following is added:

(1) under (a) Animals, Vertebrates, Mammals, heading Rodentia

under Sciuridae '*Pteromys volans (Sciuropterus russicus)`

under Castoridae, after Castor fiber: '(except the Finnish and Swedish populations).`

(2) under (a) Animals, Vertebrates, Mammals, heading Carnivora:

under Canidae: add '*Alopex lagopus` and add, after *Canis lupus, to text in (), 'Finnish populations excepted`,

under Ursidae, after *Ursus arctos: '(except the Finnish and Swedish populations)`,

under Mustelidae: '*Gulo gulo`

under Felidae, after Lynx lynx: '(except the Finnish populations)`

under Phocidae, *Monachus monachus , new point '*Phoca hispida saimensis`

(3) under (a) Animals, Vertebrates, Fish:

- heading Petromyzoniformes, under Petromyzonidae, after Lampetra Fluviatalis(v): '(except the Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish populations)`; after Lampetra planeri(o): '(except the Finnish and Swedish populations)`; and after Petromyzon marinus(o): 'except the Norwegian and Swedish populations`.

- heading Salmoniformes, under Salmonidae, after Salmo salar: '(except the Finnish and Norwegian populations)`.

- heading Cypriniformes, under Cyprinidae, after Aspius aspius(o): '(except the Finnish populations)`

and under Cobitidae, after Cobitis taenia(o): '(except the Finnish populations)`

- heading Scorpaeniformes, under Cottidae, after Cottus gobio(o): '(except the Finnish populations)`.

(4) under (a) Animals, Invertebrates:

- heading Arthropods, under Insecta, under Coleoptera, after Buprestis splendens, a new point: '*Carabis menetresi pacholei`

- heading Molluscs, under Gastropoda, after Geomitra moniziana, a new point: '*Helicopsis striata austriaca`.

(5) under (b) Plants:

- heading Compositae, after Artemisia granatensis Boiss, two new points: '*Artemisia laciniata Willd` and '*Artemisia pancicii (Janka) Ronn.`

- heading Gramineae, after *Stipa bavarica Martinovsky & H.Scholz, a new point: '*Stipa styriaca Martinovsky`.

(d) In Annex IV, the following is added:

(1) under (a) Animals, Vertebrates, Mammals:

- heading Rodentia,

under Sciuridae, add after Citellus citellus 'Pteromys volans (Sciuopterus russicus)`

under Castoridae, after Castor fiber: '(except the Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish populations)`;

and under Microtidae, after Microtus oeconomus arenicola, a new point: 'Microtus oeconomus mehelyi`;

- heading Carnivora,

under Canidae, add 'Alopex lagopus` under Phocidae, add after Monachus monachus 'Phoca hispida saimensis`

under Canidae, after Canis lupus: '(except the Finnish populations within the reindeer management area as defined in paragraph 2 of the Finnish Act No 848/90 of 14 September 1990 on reindeer management)`

- heading Sauria, under Lacertidae, after Lacerta viridis, a new point: 'Lacerta vivipara pannonica`

- heading Salmoniformes, under Coregonidae, after Coregonus oxyrhynchus: '(except the Finnish and Norwegian populations)`

(2) under (a) Animals, Invertebrates, Molluscs:

- heading Gastropoda, under Prosobranchia, after Patella feruginea, a new point: 'Theodoxus prevostianus`

(e) In Annex V, the following is added:

(1) under (a) Animals, Vertebrates:

- under Mammals, before the heading Carnivora, a new heading: 'Rodentia`;

and under this new heading, a new subheading: 'Castoridae`

and under 'Castoridoe`: 'Castor fiber (Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish populations)`

- under Mammals, Carnivora, heading Canidae, after Canis lupus: '(Finnish populations within the reindeer management area as defined in paragraph 2 of the Finnish Act No 848/90 of 14 September 1990 on reindeer management)`

- under Fish, Salmoniformes, heading Cyprinidae, before Barbus spp., a new point: 'Aspius aspius`, and after Barbus spp., new points: 'Rutilus friesii meidingeri` and 'Rutilus pigus virgo`, heading Salmonidae, after Coregonus spp. '(including Norwegian population of Coregonus oxyrhynchus)`.

F. WASTE MANAGEMENT AND CLEAN TECHNOLOGY

386 L 0278: Council Directive 86/278/EEC of 12 June 1986 on the protection of the environment, and in particular of the soil, when sewage sludge is used in agriculture (OJ No L 181, 4.7.1986, p. 6), as amended by:

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

In Article 15 (2), '54` is replaced by '64`.

IX. SCIENCE, RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

1. 371 D 0057: Commission Decision 71/57/Euratom of 13 January 1971 on the reorganization of the Joint Nuclear Research Centre (JRC) (OJ No L 16, 20.1.1971, p. 14), as amended by:

- 374 D 0578: Commission Decision 74/578/Euratom of 13 November 1974 (OJ No L 316, 26.11.1974, p. 12),

- 375 D 0241: Commission Decision 75/241/Euratom of 25 March 1975 (OJ No L 98, 19.4.1975, p. 40),

- 382 D 0755: Commission Decision 82/755/Euratom of 2 June 1982 (OJ No L 319, 16.11.1982, p. 10),

- 384 D 0339: Commission Decision 84/339/Euratom of 24 May 1984 (OJ No L 177, 4.7.1984, p. 29),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 385 D 0593: Commission Decision 85/593/Euratom of 20 November 1985 (OJ No L 373, 31.12.1985, p. 6),

- 393 D 0095: Commission Decision 93/95/Euratom of 2 February 1993 (OJ No L 37, 13.2.1993, p. 44).

In the first paragraph of Article 4, '13` and '12` are replaced by '17` and '16` respectively.

2. 374 R 1728: Council Regulation No 1728/74 of 27 June 1974 on the coordination of agricultural research (OJ No L 182, 5.7.1974, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 385 R 3768: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3768/85 of 20 December 1985 (OJ L 362, 31.12.1985, p. 8).

In Article 8(3), 'fifty-four` is replaced by 'sixty-four`.

3. Council Decision of 16 December 1980 setting up a Consultative Committee for the Fusion Programme (Council document 4151/81 (ATO 103) of 8 January 1981), as amended by:

- Council Decision of October 1986 amending the Decision of 16 December 1980 (Council document 9705/86 (RECH 96) (ATO 49)).

(a) In the first sentence of paragraph 8, '10` is replaced by '13`.

(b) The following is substituted for the last two sentences of paragraph 14:

'Opinions relating to point (g) of paragraph 5 shall be adopted by the following weighted voting system:

>TABLE>

For the adoption of an opinion, the required majority shall be 22 votes in favour by at least nine delegations.`

4. 384 D 0128: Commission Decision 84/128/EEC of 29 February 1984 on establishing an Industrial Research and Development Advisory Committee (IRDAC) (OJ No L 66, 8.3.1984, p. 30), as amended by:

- 386 D 0009: Commission Decision 86/9/EEC of 7 January 1986 (OJ No L 25, 31.1.1986, p. 26),

- 388 D 0046: Commission Decision 88/46/EEC of 13 January 1988 (OJ No L 24, 29.1.1988, p. 66).

In Article 3 (1), '14` is replaced by '18`.

X. FISHERIES

1. 376 R 0104: Council Regulation (EEC) No 104/76 of 19 January 1976 laying down common marketing standards for shrimps (Crangon crangon), edible crabs (Cancer pagurus) and Norway lobsters (Nephrops norvegicus) (OJ No L 20, 28.1.1976, p. 35), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17);

- 383 R 3575: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3575/83 of 14 December 1983 (OJ No L 356, 20.12.1983, p. 6);

- 385 R 3118: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3118/85 of 4 November 1985 (OJ No L 297, 9.11.1985, p. 3);

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 387 R 3940: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3940/87 of 21 December 1987 (OJ No L 373, 31.12.1987, p. 6);

- 388 R 4213: Council Regulation (EEC) No 4213/88 of 21 December 1988 (OJ No L 370, 31.12.1988, p. 33);

- 391 R 3162: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3162/91 of 28 October 1991 (OJ No L 300, 31.10.1991, p. 1).

The following is added to the second indent of Article 10 (1) (b):

' "Hietakatkarapuja" or "Isotaskurapuja" or

"Keisarihummereita",

"Hestereker" or "Taskekrabbe" or "Sjøkreps",

"Hästräkor" or "Krabba" or "Havskräfta".`.

2. 382 R 3191: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3191/82 of 29 November 1982 laying down detailed rules for the application of the reference price system for fishery products (OJ No L 338, 30.11.1982, p. 13), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23);

- 385 R 3474: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3474/85 of 10 December 1985 (OJ No L 333, 11.12.1985, p. 16),

The following is added to Annex I:

'>TABLE>

`.

3. 383 R 2807: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2807/83 of 22 September 1983 laying down detailed rules for recording information on Member States' catches of fish (OJ No L 276, 10.10.1983, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 R 0473: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 473/89 of 24 February 1989 (OJ No L 53, 25.2.1989, p. 34).

The following is deleted from Annex IV, point 2.4.1:

' N = Norway

S = Sweden`.

4. 385 R 3459: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3459/85 of 6 December 1985 laying down detailed rules for the granting of a compensatory allowance for Atlantic sardines (OJ No L 32, 10.12.1985, p. 16).

The following are added to Article 4, second paragraph, second indent:

'TASAUSHYVITYKSEEN OIKEUTETTU JALOSTUS ASETUS (ETY) N:o 3117/85,`

'BEARBEIDING SOM GIR RETT TIL UTJEVNINGSTILSKUDD FORORDNING (EØF) Nr. 3117/85`.

'BEARBETNING BERÄTTIGAD TILL UTJÄMNINGSBIDRAG FÖRORDNING (EEG) Nr 3117/85`.

5. 387 D 0277: Council Decision 87/277/EEC of 18 May 1987 on the allocation of the catch possibilities for cod in the Spitzbergen and Bear Island area and in Division 3M as defined in the NAFO Convention (OJ No L 135, 23.5.1987, p. 29), as amended by:

- 390 D 0655: Council Decision 90/655/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 57).

In the Annex the first table is replaced by the following:

'ANNEX

>TABLE>

`.

6. 392 R 3760: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92 of 20 December 1992 establishing a Community system for fisheries and aquaculture (OJ No L 389, 31.12.1992, p. 1).

ANNEX I is amended as follows:

(a) The following is added under the heading 'COASTAL WATERS OF DENMARK`:

'

>TABLE>

`

(b) the following is added after the entry under the heading 'COASTAL WATERS OF THE NETHERLANDS`:

'>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

`

Annex II is amended as follows:

The following is added to the table at point B:

'

>TABLE>

`

7. 393 R 2018: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2018/93 of 30 June 1993 on the submission of catch and activity statistics by Member States fishing in the Northwest Atlantic (OJ No L 186, 28.7.1993, p. 1).

The following is added to Annex V, note e):

'>TABLE>

`.

8. 393 R 2210: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2210/93 of 26 July 1993 on the communication of information for the purposes of the common organization of the market in fishery and aquaculture products (OJ No L 197, 6.8.1993, p. 8).

Annex I is amended as follows:

(a) Under point 'I Products listed in Annex I (A) to Regulation (EEC) No 3759/92`:

(i) under the heading

'1. Herrings (Clupea harengus)` insert:

'the combined markets of Tornio-Kokkola

the combined markets of Pietarsaari-Korsnäs

the combined markets of Närpiö-Pyhämaa

the combined markets of Southern Uusikaupunki-Kemiö

the combined markets of Åland Islands

the combined markets of Gulf of Finland

the combined markets of Trelleborg/Simrishamn

the combined markets of Lysekil/Kungshamn Gävle`;

(ii) under the heading: '6. Cod (Gadus morhua)` insert:

'Karlskrona

Göteborg

Mariehamn`;

(b) Under point 'II. Products listed in Annex I (D) to Regulation (EEC) No 3759/92` insert under the heading 'Deep water prawn (Pandalus borealis)`:

'Smögen

Göteborg`;

(c) under point 'III. Products listed in Annex I (E) to Regulation (EEC) No 3759/92` insert under the heading '2. (a) Norway lobster whole (Nephrops norvegicus)`:

'Smögen

Göteborg`;

(d) under point 'VIII. Products listed in Annex IV (A) to Regulation (EEC) No 3759/92`:

(i) under heading '1. Carp:` add:

' - Austria: Waldviertel

Bundesland Steiermark`;

(ii) under heading '2. Salmon:` add:

' - Austria: the whole area of Austria

- Finland: the combined coastal areas`.

XI. INTERNAL MARKET AND FINANCIAL SERVICES

A. COMPANY LAW, INDUSTRIAL DEMOCRACY AND ACCOUNTING STANDARDS (1)

1. 368 L 0151: First Council Directive of 9 March 1968 on coordination of safeguards which, for the protection of the interests of members and others, are required by Member States of companies within the meaning of the second paragraph of Article 58 of the Treaty, with a view to making such safeguards equivalent throughout the Community (68/151/EEC) (OJ No L 65, 14.3.1968, p. 8), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following is added to Article 1:

' - in Austria:

die Aktiengesellschaft, die Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung;

- in Finland:

osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag;

- in Norway:

aksjeselskap;

- in Sweden:

aktiebolag`.

2. 377 L 0091: Second Council Directive of 13 December 1976 on coordination of safeguards which, for the protection of the interests of members and others, are required by Member States of companies within the meaning of the second paragraph of Article 58 of the Treaty, in respect of the formation of public limited-liability companies and the maintenance and alteration of their capital, with a view to making such safeguards equivalent (77/91/EEC) (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 392 L 0101: Council Directive 92/101/EEC of 23 November 1992 (OJ No L 347, 28.11.1992, p. 64).

(a) The following is added to Article 1 (1), first subparagraph:

' - in Austria:

die Aktiengesellschaft;

- in Finland:

osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag;

- in Norway:

aksjeselskap;

- in Sweden:

aktiebolag.`;

(b) in Article 6, the term 'European units of account` is replaced by 'ecus`;

3. 378 L 0855: Third Council Directive of 9 October 1978 based on Article 54 (3) (g) of the Treaty concerning mergers of public limited liability companies (78/855/EEC) (OJ No L 295, 20.10.1978, p. 36), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following is added to Article 1 (1):

' - in Austria:

die Aktiengesellschaft;

- in Finland:

osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag;

- in Norway:

aksjeselskap;

- in Sweden:

aktiebolag.`;

4. 378 L 0660: Fourth Council Directive of 25 July 1978 based on Article 54 (3) (g) of the Treaty on the annual accounts of certain types of companies (78/660/EEC) (OJ No L 222, 14.8.1978, p. 11), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 383 L 0349: Seventh Council Directive of 13 June 1983 based on Article 54 (3) (g) of the Treaty on consolidated accounts (83/349/EEC) (OJ No L 193, 18.7.1983, p. 1),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0666: Eleventh Council Directive of 21 December 1989 concerning disclosure requirements in respect of branches opened in a Member State by certain types of company governed by the law of another State (89/666/EEC) (OJ No L 395, 30.12.1989, p. 36),

- 390 L 0604: Council Directive 90/604/EEC of 8 November 1990 amending Directive 78/660/EEC on annual accounts and Directive 83/349/EEC on consolidated accounts as concerns the exemptions for small and medium-sized companies and the publication of accounts in ecus (OJ No L 317, 16.11.1990, p. 57),

- 390 L 0605: Council Directive 90/605/EEC of 8 November 1990 amending Directive 78/660/EEC on annual accounts and Directive 83/349/EEC on consolidated accounts as regards the scope of those Directives (OJ No L 317, 16.11.1990, p. 60).

(a) The following is added to Article 1 (1), first subparagraph:

' - in Austria:

die Aktiengesellschaft, die Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung;

- in Finland:

osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag;

- in Norway:

aksjeselskap;

- in Sweden:

aktiebolag.`;

(b) the following is added to Article 1 (1), second subparagraph:

' (m) - in Austria:

die offene Handelsgesellschaft, die Kommanditgesellschaft;

(n) - in Finland:

avoin yhtiö/öppet bolag, kommandiittiyhtiö/kommanditbolag;

(o) - in Norway:

partrederi, ansvarlig selskap, kommandittselskap;

(p) - in Sweden:

handelsbolag, kommanditbolag.`.

5. 383 L 0349: Seventh Council Directive of 13 June 1983 based on Article 54 (3) (g) of the Treaty on consolidated accounts (83/349/EEC) (OJ No L 193, 18.7.1983, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 L 0604: Council Directive 90/604/EEC of 8 November 1990 amending Directive 78/660/EEC on annual accounts and Directive 83/349/EEC on consolidated accounts as concerns the exemptions for small and medium-sized companies and the publication of accounts in ecus (OJ No L 317, 16.11.1990, p. 57),

- 390 L 0605: Council Directive 90/605/EEC of 8 November 1990 amending Directive 78/660/EEC on annual accounts and Directive 83/349/EEC on consolidated accounts as regards the scope of those Directives (OJ No L 317, 16.11.1990, p. 60).

The following is added to Article 4 (1), first subparagraph:

' (m) - in Austria:

die Aktiengesellschaft, die Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung;

(n) - in Finland:

osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag;

(o) - in Norway:

aksjeselskap;

(p) - in Sweden:

aktiebolag.`.

6. 389 L 0667: Twelfth Council Company Law Directive of 21 December 1989 on single-member private limited-liability companies (89/667/EEC) (OJ No L 395, 30.12.1989, p. 40).

The following is added to Article 1:

' - in Austria:

Aktiengesellschaft, Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung;

- in Finland:

osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag;

- in Norway:

aksjeselskap;

- in Sweden:

aktiebolag.`.

B. DIRECT TAXATION, INSURANCE AND CREDIT INSTITUTIONS

I. DIRECT TAXATION

1. 369 L 0335: Council Directive 69/335/EEC of 17 July 1969 concerning indirect taxes on the raising of capital (OJ No L 249, 3.10.1969, p. 25) as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession to the European Communities of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 373 L 0079: Council Directive 73/79/EEC of 9 April 1973 (OJ No L 103, 18.4.1973, p. 13),

- 373 L 0080: Council Directive 73/80/EEC of 9 April 1973 (OJ No L 103, 18.4.1973, p. 15),

- 374 L 0553: Council Directive 74/553/EEC of 7 November 1974 (OJ No L 303, 13.11.1974, p. 9),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 385 L 0303: Council Directive 85/303/EEC of 10 June 1985 (OJ No L 156, 15.6.1985, p. 23),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1981, p. 23).

The following is added to Article 3 (1) (a):

'Companies under Austrian law known as:

- "Aktiengesellschaft"

- "Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung";

Companies under Finnish law known as:

- "osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag", "osuuskunta/andelslag", "säästöpankki/sparbank" and "vakuutusyhtiö/försäkringsbolag";

Companies under Norwegian law known as:

- "aksjeselskap";

Companies under Swedish law known as:

- "aktiebolag

- bankaktiebolag

- försäkringsaktiebolag".`

2. 390 L 0434: Council Directive 90/434/EEC of 23 July 1990 on the common system of taxation applicable to mergers, divisions, transfers of assets and exchanges of shares concerning companies of different Member States (OJ No L 225, 20.8.1990, p. 1)

(a) The following is added to Article 3 (c):

' - Körperschaftsteuer in Austria,

- Yhteisöjen tulovero/inkomstskatten för samfund in Finland;

- Skatt av alminnelig inntekt in Norway,

- Statlig inkomstskatt in Sweden;`,

(b) The following is added to the Annex:

' (m) companies under Austrian law known as "Aktiengesellschaft", "Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung";

(n) companies under Finnish law known as "osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag", "osuuskunta/andelslag", "säästöpankki/sparbank" and "vakuutusyhtiö/försäkringsbolag";

(o) companies under Norwegian law known as "aksjeselskap";

(p) companies under Swedish law known as: "aktiebolag", "bankaktiebolag", "försäkringsaktiebolag".`.

3. 390 L 0435: Council Directive 90/435/EEC of 23 July 1990 on the common system of taxation applicable in the case of parent companies and subsidiaries of different Member States (OJ No L 225, 20.8.1990, p. 6).

(a) The following is added to Article 2 (c):

' - Körperschaftsteuer in Austria,

- Yhteisöjen tulovero/inkomstskatten för samfund in Finland,

- Skatt av alminnelig inntekt in Norway,

- Statlig inkomstskatt in Sweden.`;

(b) the following is added to the Annex:

' (m) companies under Austrian law known as: "Aktiengesellschaft", "Gesellschaft mit beschränkter Haftung";

(n) companies under Finnish law known as: "osakeyhtiö/aktiebolag", "osuuskunta/andelslag", "säästöpankki/sparbank", "vakuutusyhtiö/försäkringsbolag";

(o) companies under Norwegian law known as "aksjeselskap";

(p) companies under Swedish law known as "aktiebolag", "bankaktiebolag", "försäkringsaktiebolag".`.

II. INSURANCE

1. 373 L 0239: First Council Directive 73/239/EEC of 24 July 1973 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the taking-up and pursuit of the business of direct insurance other than life assurance (OJ No L 228, 16.8.1973, p. 3), as amended by:

- 376 L 0580: Council Directive 76/580/EEC of 29 June 1976 (OJ No L 189, 13.7.1976, p. 13),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 384 L 0641: Council Directive 84/641/EEC of 10 December 1984 (OJ No L 339, 27.12.1984, p. 21),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaty - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 387 L 0343: Council Directive 87/343/EEC of 22 June 1987 (OJ No L 185, 4.7.1987, p. 72),

- 387 L 0344: Council Directive 87/344/EEC of 22 June 1987 (OJ No L 185, 4.7.1987, p. 77),

- 388 L 0357: Second Council Directive 88/357/EEC of 22 June 1988 (OJ No L 172, 4.7.1988, p. 1),

- 390 L 0618: Council Directive 90/618/EEC of 8 November 1990 (OJ No L 330, 29.11.1990, p. 44),

- 392 L 0049: Council Directive 92/49/EEC of 18 June 1992 (OJ No L 228, 11.8.1992, p. 1).

The following is added to Article 8 (1) (a):

' - In the case of the Republic of Austria: Aktiengesellschaft, Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit

- In the case of the Republic of Finland: keskinäinen vakuutusyhtiö/ömsesidigt försäkringsbolag, vakuutusosakeyhtiö/försäkringsaktiebolag, vakuutusyhdistys/försäkringsförening

- In the case of the Kingdom of Norway: aksjeselskap, gjensidig selskap

- In the case of the Kingdom of Sweden: försäkringsaktiebolag, ömsesidiga försäkringsbolag, understödsföreningar`.

2. 377 L 0092: Council Directive 77/92/EEC of 13 December 1976 on measures to facilitate the effective exercise of freedom of establishment and freedom to provide services in respect of the activities of insurance agents and brokers (ex ISIC Group 630) and, in particular, transitional measures in respect of those activities (OJ No L 26, 31.1.1977, p. 14), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) The following is added to Article 2 (2) (a):

'In Austria:

- Versicherungsmakler

In Finland:

- vakuutuksenvälittäjä/försäkringsmäklare

In Norway:

- forsikringsmegler

In Sweden:

- försäkringsmäklare`;

(b) The following is added to Article 2 (2) (b):

'In Austria:

- Versicherungsagent

In Finland:

- vakuutusasiamies/försäkringsombud

In Norway:

- assurandør

- agent

In Sweden:

- försäkringsombud`;

(c) the following is added to Article 2 (2) (c):

'In Norway

- underagent`;

3. 379 L 0267: First Council Directive of 5 March 1979 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of direct life assurance (79/267/EEC) (OJ No L 63, 13.3.1979, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaty - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 L 0619: Council Directive 90/619/EEC of 8 November 1990 (OJ No L 330, 29.11.1990, p. 50),

- 392 L 0096: Council Directive 92/96/EEC of 10 November 1992 (OJ No L 360, 9.12.1992, p. 1).

(a) The following is added to Article 4:

'This Directive shall not concern the pension activities of pension insurance undertakings prescribed in the Employees' Pensions Act (TEL) and other related Finnish legislation provided that:

(a) pension insurance companies which already under Finnish law are obliged to have separate accounting and management systems for their pension activities will furthermore, as from the date of accession, set up separate legal entities for carrying out these activities;

(b) the Finnish authorities shall allow in a non-discriminatory manner all nationals and companies of Member States to perform according to Finnish legislation the activities specified in Article 1 related to this exemption whether by means of:

- ownership or participation in an existing insurance company or group;

- creation or participation of new insurance companies or groups, including pension insurance companies;

(c) the Finnish authorities will submit to the Commission for approval a report within three months from the date of accession, stating which measures have been taken to split up TEL-activities from normal insurance activities carried out by Finnish insurance companies in order to conform to all the requirements of the third life assurance Directive.`

(b) The following is added to Article 8 (1) (a):

' - In the case of the Republic of Austria: Aktiengesellschaft, Versicherungsverein auf Gegenseitigkeit

- In the case of the Republic of Finland: keskinäinen vakuutusyhtiö/ömsesidigt försäkringsbolag, vakuutusosakeyhtiö/försäkringsaktiebolag, vakuutusyhdistys/försäkringsförening

- In the case of the Kingdom of Norway: aksjeselskap, gjensidig selskap

- In the case of the Kingdom of Sweden: försäkringsaktiebolag, ömsesidiga försäkringsbolag, understödsföreningar`.

III. CREDIT INSTITUTIONS

1. 377 L 0780: First Council Directive 77/780/EEC of 12 December 1977 on the coordination of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions (OJ No L 322, 17.12.1977, p. 30) as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 385 L 0345: Council Directive 83/345/EEC of 8 July 1985 (OJ No L 183, 18.7.1985, p. 19),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 386 L 0524: Council Directive 86/524/EEC of 27 October 1986 (OJ No L 309, 4.11.1986, p. 15),

- 389 L 0646: Council Directive 89/646/EEC of 15 December 1989 (OJ No L 386, 30.12.1989, p. 1).

The following is added to Article 2 (2):

'In Austria:

- enterprises recognized as building associations for the public benefit,

In Finland:

- Teollisen yhteistyön rahasto Oy/Fonden för industriellt samarbete Ab, Suomen Vientiluotto Oy/Finlands Exportkredit Ab, Kera Oy/Kera Ab,

In Sweden:

- Svenska Skeppshypotekskassan.`

2. 389 L 0299: Council Directive 89/299/EEC of 17 April 1989 on the own funds of credit institutions (OJ No L 124, 5.5.1989, p. 16), as amended by:

- 391 L 0633: Council Directive 91/633/EEC of 3 December 1991 (OJ No L 339, 11.12.1991, p. 33),

- 392 L 0016: Council Directive 92/16/EEC of 16 March 1992 (OJ No L 75, 21.3.1992, p. 48).

The following are inserted as the second and third words of Article 4a: 'and Norway`.

3. 389 L 0647: Council Directive 89/647/EEC of 18 December 1989 on a solvency ratio for credit institutions (OJ No L 386, 30.12.1989, p. 14), as amended by:

- 391 L 0031: Commission Directive 91/31/EEC of 19 December 1990 (OJ No L 17, 23.1.1991, p. 20),

- 392 L 0030: Council Directive 92/30/EEC of 6 April 1992 (OJ No L 110, 28.4.1992, p. 52).

(a) The following is added to Article 6 (1) (c) (1):

'and loans fully and completely secured, to the satisfaction of the competent authorities, by shares in Finnish residential housing companies, operating in accordance with the Finnish Housing Company Act of 1991 or subsequent equivalent legislation, in respect of residential property which is or will be occupied or let by the borrower.`;

(b) In Article 11 (4), the words 'Germany, Denmark and Greece` are replaced by 'Germany, Denmark, Greece and Austria`.

4. 392 L 0121: Council Directive 92/121/EEC of 21 December 1992 on the monitoring and control of large exposures of credit institutions (OJ No L 29, 5.2.1993, p. 1).

(a) The first sentence of Article 4 (7) (p) is replaced by the following text:

'(p) loans secured, to the satisfaction of the competent authorities, by mortgages on residential property or by shares in Finnish residential housing companies, operating in accordance with the Finnish Housing Company Act of 1991 or subsequent equivalent legislation and leasing transactions under which the lessor retains full ownership of the residential property leased for as long as the lessee has not exercised his option to purchase, in all cases up to 50 % of the value of the residential property concerned.`

(b) The following second subparagraph is added in Article 6 (9):

'The same treatment applies to loans secured, to the satisfaction of the competent authorities, by shares in Finnish residential housing companies, operating in accordance with the Finnish Housing Company Act of 1991 or subsequent equivalent legislation which are similar to the mortgage loans referred to in the previous subparagraph.`.

C. FREE MOVEMENT OF GOODS

I. MOTOR VEHICLES

1. 370 L 0156: Council Directive 70/156/EEC of 6 February 1970 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the type-approval of motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 42, 23.2.1970, p. 1), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 378 L 0315: Council Directive 78/315/EEC of 21 December 1977 (OJ No L 81, 28.3.1978, p. 1),

- 378 L 0547: Council Directive 78/547/EEC of 12 June 1978 (OJ No L 168, 26.6.1978, p. 39),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 380 L 1267: Council Directive 80/1267/EEC of 16 December 1980 (OJ No L 375, 31.12.1980, p. 34), as corrected by OJ No L 265, 19.9.1981, p. 28,

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 387 L 0358: Council Directive 87/358/EEC of 25 June 1987 (OJ No L 192, 11.7.1987, p. 51),

- 387 L 0403: Council Directive 87/403/EEC of 25 June 1987 (OJ No L 220, 8.8.1987, p. 44),

- 392 L 0053: Council Directive 92/53/EEC of 18 June 1992 (OJ No L 225, 10.8.1992, p. 1),

- 393 L 0081: Commission Directive 93/81/EEC of 29 September 1993 (OJ No L 264, 23.10.1993, p. 49).

(a) In Annex VII, the following are inserted in the column under point 1, section 1:

'12 for Austria`

'17 for Finland`

'16 for Norway`

'5 for Sweden`;

(b) in Annex IX, the following is added to point 37 of each of Part I, side 2, and Part II, side 2,:

'Austria: ......, Finland: ......, Norway: ......, Sweden: ......`.

2. 370 L 0157: Council Directive 70/157/EEC of 6 February 1970 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the permissible sound level and the exhaust system of motor vehicles (OJ No L 42, 23.2.1970, p. 16), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 373 L 0350: Commission Directive 73/350/EEC of 7 November 1973 (OJ No L 321, 22.11.1973, p. 33),

- 377 L 0212: Council Directive 77/212/EEC of 8 March 1977 (OJ No L 66, 12.3.1977, p. 33),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 381 L 0334: Commission Directive 81/334/EEC of 13 April 1981 (OJ No L 131, 18.5.1981, p. 6),

- 384 L 0372: Commission Directive 84/372/EEC of 3 July 1984 (OJ No L 196, 26.7.1984, p. 47),

- 384 L 0424: Council Directive 84/424/EEC of 3 September 1984 (OJ No L 238, 6.9.1984, p. 31),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0491: Commission Directive 89/491/EEC of 17 July 1989 (OJ No L 238, 15.8.1989, p. 43),

- 392 L 0097: Council Directive 92/97/EEC of 10 November 1992 (OJ No L 371, 19.12.1992, p. 1).

(a) In Annex II, the following is added to the footnote relating to point 3.1.3:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`;

(b) in Annex IV, the following is added to the footnote concerning the distinctive letter(s) of the country granting type-approval:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

3. 370 L 0388: Council Directive 70/388/EEC of 27 July 1970 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to audible warning devices for motor vehicles (OJ No L 176, 10.8.1970, p. 227), as corrected by OJ No L 329, 25.11.1982, p. 31, as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex I, the following is added to the text in brackets in point 1.4.1:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

4. 371 L 0127: Council Directive 71/127/EEC of 1 March 1971 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the rear-view mirrors of motor-vehicles (OJ No L 68, 22.3.1971, p. 1), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 379 L 0795: Commission Directive 79/795/EEC of 20 July 1979 (OJ No L 239, 22.9.1979, p. 1),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 385 L 0205: Commission Directive 85/205/EEC of 18 February 1985 (OJ No L 90, 29.3.1985, p. 1),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 386 L 0562: Commission Directive 86/562/EEC of 6 November 1986 (OJ No L 327, 22.11.1986, p. 49),

- 388 L 0321: Commission Directive 88/321/EEC of 16 May 1988 (OJ No L 147, 14.6.1988, p. 77).

In Appendix 2 to Annex II, the following is added to the enumeration of distinguishing numbers in point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden.`

5. 374 L 0483: Council Directive 74/483/EEC of 17 September 1974 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the external projections of motor vehicles (OJ No L 266, 2.10.1974, p. 4), as amended by:

- 379 L 0488: Commission Directive 79/488/EEC of 18 April 1979 (OJ No L 128, 26.5.1979, p. 1),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex I, the following is added to the footnote relating to point 3.2.2.2.:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

6. 376 L 0114: Council Directive 76/114/EEC of 18 December 1975 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to statutory plates and inscriptions for motor vehicles and their trailers, and their location and method of attachment (OJ No L 24, 30.1.1976, p. 1), as corrected by OJ No L 56, 4.3.1976, p. 38, and OJ No L 329, 25.11.1982, p. 31, as amended by:

- 378 L 0507: Commission Directive 78/507/EEC of 19 May 1978 (OJ No L 155, 13.6.1978, p. 31),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In the Annex, the following is added to the text in brackets in point 2.1.2.:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden.`

7. 376 L 0757: Council Directive 76/757/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to reflex reflectors for motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 262, 27.9.1976, p. 32), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex III, the following is added to the text in brackets in point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

8. 376 L 0758: Council Directive 76/758/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to end-outline marker lamps, front position (side) lamps, rear position (side) lamps and stop lamps for motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 262, 27.9.1976, p. 54), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0516: Commission Directive 89/516/EEC of 1 August 1989 (OJ No L 265, 12.9.1989, p. 1).

In Annex III, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

9. 376 L 0759: Council Directive 76/759/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to direction indicator lamps for motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 262, 27.9.1976, p. 71), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0277: Commission Directive 89/277/EEC of 28 March 1989 (OJ No L 109, 20.4.1989, p. 25), as corrected by OJ No L 114, 27.4.1989, p. 52.

In Annex III, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

10. 376 L 0760: Council Directive 76/760/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the rear registration plate lamps for motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 262, 27.9.1976, p. 85), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex I, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

11. 376 L 0761: Council Directive 76/761/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to motor-vehicle headlamps which function as main-beam and/or dipped-beam headlamps and to incandescent electric filament lamps for such headlamps (OJ No L 262, 27.9.1976, p. 96), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0517: Commission Directive 89/517/EEC of 1 August 1989 (OJ No L 265, 12.9.1989, p. 15).

In Annex VI, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

12. 376 L 0762: Council Directive 76/762/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to front fog lamps for motor vehicles and filament lamps for such lamps (OJ No L 262, 27.9. 1976, p. 122), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex II, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

13. 377 L 0538: Council Directive 77/538/EEC of 28 June 1977 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to rear fog lamps for motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 220, 29.8.1977, p. 60), as corrected by OJ No L 284, 10.10.1978, p. 11, as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0518: Commission Directive 89/518/EEC of 1 August 1989 (OJ No L 265, 12.9.1989, p. 24).

In Annex II, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

14. 377 L 0539: Council Directive 77/539/EEC of 28 June 1977 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to reversing lamps for motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 220, 29.8.1977, p. 72), as corrected by OJ No L 284, 10.10.1978, p. 11, as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex II, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

15. 377 L 0540: Council Directive 77/540/EEC of 28 June 1977 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to parking lamps for motor vehicles (OJ No L 220, 29.8.1977, p. 83), as corrected by OJ No L 284, 10.10.1978, p. 11, as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex IV, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

16. 377 L 0541: Council Directive 77/541/EEC of 28 June 1977 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to safety belts and restraint systems of motor vehicles (OJ No L 220, 29.8.1977, p. 95), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 381 L 0576: Council Directive 81/576/EEC of 20 July 1981 (OJ No L 209, 29.7.1981, p. 32),

- 382 L 0319: Commission Directive 82/319/EEC of 2 April 1982 (OJ No L 139, 19.5.1982, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 L 0628: Commission Directive 90/628/EEC of 30 October 1990 (OJ No L 341, 6.12.1990, p. 1).

In Annex III, the following is added to point 1.1.1.:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

17. 378 L 0932: Council Directive 78/932/EEC of 16 October 1978 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to head restraints of seats of motor vehicles (OJ No L 325, 20.11.1978, p. 1), as corrected by OJ No L 329, 25.11.1982, p. 31, as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Annex VI, the following are added to point 1.1.1:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

18. 378 L 1015: Council Directive 78/1015/EEC of 23 November 1978 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States on the permissible sound level and exhaust system of motorcycles (OJ No L 349, 13.12.1978, p. 21), as corrected by OJ No L 10, 16.1.1979, p. 15, as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 387 L 0056: Council Directive 87/56/EEC of 18 December 1986 (OJ No L 24, 27.1.1987, p. 42),

- 389 L 0235: Council Directive 89/235/EEC of 13 March 1989 (OJ No L 98, 11.4.1989, p. 1).

(a) In Article 2, the following indents are added:

' - "Typengenehmigung" in Austrian law,

- "tyyppihyväksyntä"/"typgodkännande" in

Finnish law,

- "typegodkjenning" in Norwegian law,

- "typgodkännande" in Swedish law.`;

(b) in Annex II, the following is added to point 3.1.3:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

19. 380 L 0780: Council Directive 80/780/EEC of 22 July 1980 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to rear-view mirrors for two-wheeled motor vehicles with or without a side-car and to their fitting on such vehicles (OJ No L 229, 30.8.1980, p. 49), as amended by:

- 380 L 1272: Council Directive 80/1272/EEC of 22 December 1980 (OJ No L 375, 31.12.1980, p. 73),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Article 8, the following indents are added:

' - "Typengenehmigung" in Austrian law,

- "tyyppihyväksyntä"/"typgodkännande" in Finnish law,

- "typegodkjenning" in Norwegian law,

- "typgodkännande" in Swedish law.`.

20. 388 L 0077: Council Directive 88/77/EEC of 3 December 1987 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the measures to be taken against the emission of gaseous pollutants from diesel engines for use in vehicles (OJ No L 36, 9.2.1988, p. 33), as amended by:

- 391 L 0542: Council Directive 91/542/EEC of 1 October 1991 (OJ No L 295, 25.10.1991, p. 1).

In Annex I, the following is added to point 5.1.3:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

21. 391 L 0226: Council Directive 91/226/EEC of 27 March 1991 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to spray-suppression systems of certain categories of motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 103, 23.4.1991, p. 5).

In Annex II, the following is added to point 3.4.1.:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

22. 392 L 0022: Council Directive 92/22/EEC of 31 March 1992 on safety glazing and glazing materials on motor vehicles and their trailers (OJ No L 129, 14.5.1992, p. 11).

In Annex II, the following is added to the footnote to point 4.4.1.:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

23. 392 L 0023: Council Directive 92/23/EEC of 31 March 1992 relating to tyres for motor vehicles and their trailers and to their fittings (OJ No L 129, 14.5.1992, p. 95).

In Annex I, the following is added to point 4.2:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

24. 392 L 0061: Council Directive 92/61/EEC of 30 June 1992 relating to the type-approval of two or three-wheel motor vehicles (OJ No L 225, 10.8.1992, p. 72).

In Annex V, the following is added to point 1.1:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

II. AGRICULTURAL AND FORESTRY TRACTORS

1. 374 L 0150: Council Directive 74/150/EEC of 4 March 1974 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the type-approval of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (OJ No L 84, 28.3.1974, p. 10), as corrected by OJ No L 226, 18.8.1976, p. 16, as amended by:

- 379 L 0694: Council Directive 79/694/EEC of 24 July 1979 (OJ No L 205, 13.8.1979, p. 17),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 382 L 0890: Council Directive 82/890/EEC of 17 December 1982 (OJ No L 378, 31.12.1982, p. 45),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0297: Council Directive 88/297/EEC of 3 May 1988 (OJ No L 126, 20.5.1988, p. 52).

In Article 2 (a), the following indents are added:

' - "Typengenehmigung" in Austrian law,

- "tyyppihyväksyntä"/"typgodkännande" in Finnish law,

- "typegodkjenning" in Norwegian law,

- "typgodkännande" in Swedish law`.

2. 377 L 0536: Council Directive 77/536/EEC of 28 June 1977 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the roll-over protection structures of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (OJ No L 220, 29.8.1977, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0680: Council Directive 89/680/EEC of 21 December 1989 (OJ No L 398, 30.12.1989, p. 26).

In Annex VI, the following is added:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

3. 378 L 0764: Council Directive 78/764/EEC of 25 July 1978 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the driver's seat on wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (OJ No L 255, 18.9.1978, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 382 L 0890: Council Directive 82/890/EEC of 17 December 1982 (OJ No L 378, 31.12.1982, p. 45),

- 383 L 0190: Commission Directive 83/190/EEC of 28 March 1983 (OJ No L 109, 26.4.1983, p. 13),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0465: Commission Directive 88/465/EEC of 30 June 1988 (OJ No L 228, 17.8.1988, p. 31).

In Annex II, the following is added to point 3.5.2.1:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

4. 379 L 0622: Council Directive 79/622/EEC of 25 June 1979 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the roll-over protection structures of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (static testing) (OJ No L 179, 17.7.1979, p. 1), as amended by:

- 382 L 0953: Commission Directive 82/953/EEC of 15 December 1982 (OJ No L 386, 31.12.1982, p. 31),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0413: Commission Directive 88/413/EEC of 22 June 1988 (OJ No L 200, 26.7.1988, p. 32).

In Annex VI, the following is added:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

5. 386 L 0298: Council Directive 86/298/EEC of 26 May 1986 on rear-mounted roll-over protection structures of narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors (OJ No L 186, 8.7.1986, p. 26), as amended by:

- 389 L 0682: Council Directive 89/682/EEC of 21 December 1989 (OJ No L 398, 30.12.1989, p. 29).

In Annex VI, the following is added:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

6. 387 L 0402: Council Directive 87/402/EEC of 25 June 1987 on roll-over protection structures mounted in front of the driver's seat on narrow-track wheeled agricultural and forestry tractors (OJ No L 220, 8.8.1987, p. 1), as amended by:

- 389 L 0681: Council Directive 89/681/EEC of 21 December 1989 (OJ No L 398, 30.12.1989, p. 27).

In Annex VII, the following is added:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

7. 389 L 0173: Council Directive 89/173/EEC of 21 December 1988 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to certain components and characteristics of wheeled agricultural or forestry tractors (OJ No L 67, 10.3.1989, p. 1).

(a) In Annex III A, the following is added to footnote 1 of point 5.4.1:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`;

(b) in Annex V, the following is added to the text in brackets in point 2.1.3:

'12 for Austria, 17 for Finland, 16 for Norway, 5 for Sweden`.

III. LIFTING AND MECHANICAL

HANDLING APPLIANCES

384 L 0528: Council Directive 84/528/EEC of 17 September 1984 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to common provisions for lifting and mechanical handling appliances (OJ No L 300, 19.11.1984, p. 72), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0665: Council Directive 88/665/EEC of 21 December 1988 (OJ No L 382, 31.12.1988, p. 42).

In Annex I, the following is added to the text in brackets in point 3:

'A for Austria, N for Norway, S for Sweden, FI for Finland`.

IV. HOUSEHOLD APPLIANCES

379 L 0531: Council Directive 79/531/EEC of 14 May 1979 applying to electric ovens Directive 79/530/EEC on the indication by labelling of the energy consumption of household appliances (OJ No L 145, 13.6.1979, p. 7), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) Annex I is amended as follows:

(i) the following is added to point 3.1.1:

' "Sähköuuni", in Finnish (FI),

"Elektrisk stekeovn", in Norwegian (N),

"Elektrisk ugn", in Swedish (S).`;

(ii) the following is added to point 3.1.3:

' "Käyttötilavuus", in Finnish (FI),

"Nyttevolum", in Norwegian (N),

"Nyttovolym", in Swedish (S).`;

(iii) the following are added to point 3.1.5.1:

'Esilämmityskulutus 200 °C:een (FI),

Energiforbruk ved oppvarming til 200 °C (N),

Energiförbrukning vid uppvärmning till 200 °C (S),`

'Vakiokulutus (yhden tunnin aikana 200 °C:ssa) (FI),

Energiforbruk for å opprettholde en bestemt temperatur (en time på 200 °C) (N),

Energiförbrukning för att upprätthålla på 200 °C i en timme (S),`

'KOKONAISKULUTUS (FI),

TOTALT (N),

TOTALT (S).`;

(iv) the following is added to point 3.1.5.3:

'Puhdistusvaiheen kulutus (FI),

Energiforbruk ved renseprosess (N),

Energiförbrukning vid en rengöringsprocess (S).`;

(b) the following Annexes are added:

ANNEX II (h)

>REFERENCE TO A GRAPHIC>

ANNEX II (i)

>REFERENCE TO A GRAPHIC>

ANNEX II (j)

>REFERENCE TO A GRAPHIC>

V. CONSTRUCTION PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

1. 386 L 0295: Council Directive 86/295/EEC of 26 May 1986 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to roll-over protective structures (ROPS) for certain construction plant (OJ No L 186, 8.7.1986, p. 1).

In Annex IV, the following is added to the text in brackets:

'A for Austria, N for Norway, S for Sweden, FI for Finland`.

2. 386 L 0296: Council Directive 86/296/EEC of 26 May 1986 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to falling-object protective structures (FOPS) for certain construction plant (OJ No L 186, 8.7.1986, p. 10).

In Annex IV, the following is added to the text in the first indent:

'A for Austria, N for Norway, S for Sweden, FI for Finland`.

VI. PRESSURE VESSELS

376 L 0767: Council Directive 76/767/EEC of 27 July 1976 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to common provisions for pressure vessels and methods of inspecting them (OJ No L 262, 27.9.1976, p. 153), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0665: Council Directive 88/665/EEC of 21 December 1988 (OJ No L 382, 31.12.1988, p. 42).

The following is added to the text in brackets in the first indent of point 3.1 of Annex I and in the first indent of point 3.1.1.1.1 of Annex II:

'A for Austria, N for Norway, S for Sweden, FI for Finland`.

VII. MEASURING INSTRUMENTS

1. 371 L 0316: Council Directive 71/316/EEC of 26 July 1971 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to common provisions for both measuring instruments and methods of metrological control (OJ No L 202, 6.9.1971, p. 1), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 372 L 0427: Council Directive 72/427/EEC of 19 December 1972 (OJ No L 291, 28.12.1972, p. 156),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 383 L 0575: Council Directive 83/575/EEC of 26 October 1983 (OJ No L 332, 28.11.1983, p. 43),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 387 L 0354: Council Directive 87/354/EEC of 25 June 1987 (OJ No L 192, 11.7.1987, p. 43),

- 388 L 0665: Council Directive 88/665/EEC of 21 December 1988 (OJ No L 382, 31.12.1988, p. 42).

(a) To the first indent of point 3.1 of Annex I and to the first indent of point 3.1.1.1 (a) of Annex II, the following is added to the text in brackets:

'A for Austria, N for Norway, S for Sweden, FI for Finland`;

(b) the drawings to which Annex II, point 3.2.1, refers are supplemented by the letters necessary for the signs A, N, S, FI.

2. 371 L 0347: Council Directive 71/347/EEC of 12 October 1971 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the measuring of the standard mass per storage volume of grain (OJ No L 239, 25.10.1971, p. 1), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

To Article 1 (a) the following is added between the brackets:

'EY hehtolitrapaino`

'EF hektolitervekt`

'EG hektolitervikt`.

3. 371 L 0348: Council Directive 71/348/EEC of 12 October 1971 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to ancillary equipment for meters for liquids other than water (OJ No L 239, 25.10.1971, p. 9), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

In Chapter IV of the Annex the following is added at the end of section 4.8.1:

'>TABLE>

`.

VIII. TEXTILES

371 L 0307: Council Directive 71/307/EEC of 26 July 1971 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to textile names (OJ No L 185, 16.8.1971, p. 16), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 383 L 0623: Council Directive 83/623/EEC of 25 November 1983 (OJ No L 353, 15.12.1983, p. 8),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 387 L 0140: Commission Directive 87/140/EEC of 6 February 1987 (OJ No L 56, 26.2.1987, p. 24).

The following is added to Article 5.1:

' - uusi villa

- ren ull

- kamull`.

IX. FOODSTUFFS

1. 376 L 0118: Council Directive 76/118/EEC of 18 December 1975 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to certain partly or wholly dehydrated preserved milk for human consumption (OJ No L 24, 30.1.1976, p. 49), as amended by:

- 378 L 0630: Council Directive 78/630/EEC of 19 June 1978 (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1978, p. 12),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 383 L 0635: Council Directive 83/635/EEC of 13 December 1983 (OJ No L 357, 21.12.1983, p. 37),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following replaces Article 3 (2) (c):

'(c) "flødepulver" in Denmark, "Rahmpulver" and "Sahnepulver" in Germany and Austria, "gräddpulver" in Sweden, "kermajauhe/gräddpulver" in Finland and "fløtepulver" in Norway to denote the product defined in point 2 (d) of the Annex.`.

2. 379 L 0112: Council Directive 79/112/EEC of 18 December 1978 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the labelling, presentation and advertising of foodstuffs (OJ No L 33, 8.2.1979, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 385 L 0007: Council Directive 85/7/EEC of 19 December 1984 (OJ No L 2, 3.1.1985, p. 22),

- 386 L 0197: Council Directive 86/197/EEC of 26 May 1986 (OJ No L 144, 29.5.1986, p. 38),

- 389 L 0395: Council Directive 89/395/EEC of 14 June 1989 (OJ No L 186, 30.6.1989, p. 17),

- 391 L 0072: Commission Directive 91/72/EEC of 16 January 1991 (OJ No L 42, 15.2.1991, p. 27).

(a) The following is added to Article 5 (3):

' - in Finnish "säteilytetty, käsitelty ionisoivalla säteilyllä",

- in Norwegian "bestrålt, behandlet med ioniserende stråling",

- in Swedish "bestrålad, behandlad med joniserande strålning";`

(b) in Article 9 (6), the corresponding heading in the Harmonized System to CN codes 2206 00 91, 2206 00 93 and 2206 00 99 is 22.06;

(c) the following is added to Article 9a (2):

' - in Finnish "viimeinen käyttöajankohta",

- in Norwegian "siste forbruksdag",

- in Swedish "sista förbrukningsdag";`

(d) in Article 10a, the corresponding heading in the Harmonized System to tariff headings Nos 22.04 and 22.05 is 22.04.

3. 380 L 0590: Commission Directive 80/590/EEC of 9 June 1980 determining the symbol that may accompany materials and articles intended to come into contact with foodstuffs (OJ No L 151, 19.6.1980, p. 21), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) The following are added to the title of the Annex:

'LIITE`

'VEDLEGG`

'BILAGA`.

(b) the following is added to the text in the Annex:

'Tunnus`.

4. 389 L 0108: Council Directive 89/108/EEC of 21 December 1988 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to quick-frozen foodstuffs for human consumption (OJ No L 40, 11.2.1989, p. 34).

The following is added to Article 8 (1) (a):

'>TABLE>

`

5. 391 L 0321: Commission Directive 91/321/EEC of 14 May 1991 on infant formulae and follow-on formulae (OJ No L 175, 4.7.1991, p. 35).

(a) In Article 7 (1), the following is added after the words 'Fórmula para lactentes` and 'Fórmula de transição`:

' - in Finnish:

"Äidinmaidonkorvike" and "Vierotus-

valmiste",

- in Norwegian:

"Morsmelkerstatning" and "Tilskudds-

blanding",

- in Swedish:

"Modersmjölksersättning" and "Tillskotts-

näring";`

(b) in Article 7 (1), the following is added after the words 'Leite para lactentes` and 'Leite de transição`:

' - in Finnish:

"Maitopohjainen äidinmaidonkorvike" and "Maitopohjainen vierotusvalmiste",

- in Norwegian:

"Morsmelkerstatning utelukkende basert på melk" and "Tilskuddsblanding utelukkende basert på melk",

- in Swedish:

"Modersmjölksersättning uteslutande baserad på mjölk" and "Tillskottsnäring uteslutande baserad på mjölk".`

6. 393 L 0077: Council Directive 93/77/EEC of 21 September 1993 relating to fruit juices and certain similar products (OJ No L 244, 30.9.1993, p. 23).

The following is added to Article 3 (2):

' (f) "must", together with the name (in Swedish) of the fruit used, for fruit juices; in Norway "eplemost" for apple juice with no added sugars;

(g) "täysmehu", together with the name (in Finnish) of the fruit used, for juices with no added water, with no added sugars except those to correct sweetness (at the maximum rate of 15 g/kg) and no other ingredients;

(h) "tuoremehu", together with the name (in Finnish) of the fruit used, for juices with no added water, no added sugars or other ingredients and with no heat treatments;

(i) "mehu", together with the name (in Finnish) of the fruit used, for juices with added water or sugars and with a juice content of at least 35 % by weight.`.

X. FERTILIZERS

376 L 0116: Council Directive 76/116/EEC of 18 December 1975 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to fertilizers (OJ No L 24, 30.1.1976, p. 21), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0183: Council Directive 88/183/EEC of 22 March 1988 (OJ No L 83, 29.3.1988, p. 33),

- 389 L 0284: Council Directive 89/284/EEC of 13 April 1989 supplementing and amending Directive 76/116/EEC in respect of the calcium, magnesium, sodium and sulphur content of fertilizers (OJ No L 111, 22.4.1989, p. 34),

- 389 L 0530: Council Directive 89/530/EEC of 18 September 1989 supplementing and amending Directive 76/116/EEC in respect of the trace elements boron, cobalt, copper, iron, manganese, molybdenum and zinc contained in fertilizers (OJ No L 281, 30.9.1989, p. 116);

(a) In Annex I, Chapter A II, the following is added to No 1, column 6, third paragraph, to the text in brackets:

'Austria, Finland, Norway, Sweden`;

(b) in Annex I, Chapter B 1, 2 and 4, the following is added to column 9, point 3, to the text in brackets after (6 b):

'Austria, Finland, Norway, Sweden`.

XI. GENERAL PROVISIONS IN THE FIELD OF

TECHNICAL BARRIERS TO TRADE

1. 383 L 0189: Council Directive 83/189/EEC of 28 March 1983 laying down a procedure for the provision of information in the field of technical standards and regulations (OJ No L 109, 26.4.1983, p. 8), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0182: Council Directive 88/182/EEC of 22 March 1988 (OJ No L 81, 26.3.1988, p. 75),

- 392 D 0400: Commission Decision 92/400/EEC of 15 July 1992 (OJ No L 221, 6.8.1992, p. 55).

(a) Article 1 (7) is replaced by the following:

'7. "product", any industrially manufactured product and any agricultural product, including fish products`;

(b) the following is added to list I of the Annex:

'ON (Austria)

Österreichisches Normungsinstitut

Heinestraße 38

A-1020 Wien

ÖVE (Austria)

Österreichischer Verband für Elektrotechnik

Eschenbachgasse 9

A-1010 Wien

SFS (Finland)

Suomen Standardisoimisliitto SFS r.y.

PL 116

FIN-00241 Helsinki

SESKO (Finland)

Suomen Sähköteknillinen Standardisoimisyhdistys Sesko r.y.

Särkiniementie 3

FIN-00210 Helsinki

NSF (Norway)

Norges Standardiseringsforbund

Pb 7020 Homansbyen

N-0306 Oslo

NEK (Norway)

Norsk Elektroteknisk Komite

Pb 280 Skøyen

N-0212 Oslo

SIS (Sweden)

Standardiseringskommissionen i Sverige

Box 3295

S-103 66 Stockholm

SEK (Sweden)

Svenska Elektriska Kommissionen

Box 1284

S-164 28 Kista`.

2. 393 R 0339: Council Regulation (EEC) No 339/93 of 8 February 1993 on checks for conformity with the rules on product safety in case of products imported from third countries (OJ No L 40, 17.2.1993, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 D 0583: Commission Decision of 28 July 1993 (OJ No L 279, 12.11.1993, p. 39).

(a) In Article 6 (1), the following are added:

' - "Vaarallinen tuote - ei saa laskea vapaaseen liikkeeseen. Asetus (ETY) n:o 339/93",

- "Farlig produkt - ikke godkjent for fri omsetning. Forordning (EØF) nr. 339/93",

- "Farlig produkt - ej godkänd för fri omsättning. Förordning (EEG) nr 339/93".`

(b) in Article 6 (2), the following are added:

' - "Tuote ei vaatimusten mukainen - ei saa laskea vapaaseen liikkeeseen. Asetus (ETY) n:o 339/93",

- "Ikke samsvarende produkt - ikke godkjent for fri omsetning. Forordning (EØF) nr. 339/93",

- "Icke överensstämmande produkt - ej godkänd för fri omsättning. Förordning (EEG) nr 339/93".`

XII. COMMERCE AND DISTRIBUTION

381 D 0428: Commission Decision 81/428/EEC of 20 May 1981 establishing a Committee on Commerce and Distribution (OJ No L 165, 23.6.1981, p. 24), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) In Article 3,

- in the first paragraph, '50` is replaced by '68`;

- in the second paragraph, '26` is replaced by '36`;

(b) in the first paragraph of Article 7, 'twelve` is replaced by 'sixteen`.

D. MUTUAL RECOGNITION OF PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

I. GENERAL SYSTEM

392 L 0051: Council Directive 92/51/EEC of 18 June 1992 on a second general system for the recognition of professional education and training to supplement Directive 89/48/EEC (OJ No L 209, 24.7.1992, p. 25).

The following shall be added to Annex C 'LIST OF COURSES HAVING A SPECIAL STRUCTURE AS REFERRED TO IN POINT (ii) OF THE SECOND INDENT OF THE FIRST SUBPARAGRAPH OF ARTICLE 1 (a)`:

(a) Under the heading '1. Paramedical and childcare training courses` the following is inserted:

'In Austria

training for:

- contact lens optician ("Kontaktlinsenoptiker"),

- pedicurist ("Fußpfleger"),

- acoustic-aid technician ("Hörgeräteakustiker"),

- druggist ("Drogist"),

which represent education and training courses of a total duration of at least fourteen years, including at least five years' training followed within a structured training framework, divided into an apprenticeship of at least three years' duration, comprising training partly received in the workplace and partly provided by a vocational training establishment, and a period of professional practice and training, culminating in a professional examination conferring the right to exercise the profession and to train apprentices.

- masseur ("Masseur"),

which represents education and training courses of a total duration of fourteen years, including five years' training within a structured training framework, comprising an apprenticeship of two years' duration, a period of professional practice and training of two years' duration and a training course of one year culminating in a professional examination conferring the rights to exercise the profession and to train apprentices.

- kindergarten worker ("Kindergärtner/in"),

- child care worker ("Erzieher"),

which represent education and training courses of a total duration of thirteen years, including five years of professional training in a specialized school, culminating in an examination`.

(b) Under heading '2. Master craftsman sector ("Mester/Meister/Maître") which represents education and training courses concerning skills not covered by the Directives listed in Annex A` the following is inserted:

'In Austria

training for:

- surgical truss maker ("Bandagist"),

- corset maker ("Miederwarenerzeuger"),

- optician ("Optiker"),

- orthopaedic shoemaker ("Orthopädieschuhmacher"),

- orthopaedic technician ("Orthopädietechniker"),

- dental technician ("Zahntechniker"),

- gardener ("Gärtner"),

which represents education and training of a total duration of at least fourteen years, including at least five years' training within a structured training framework, divided into an apprenticeship of at least three years' duration, comprising training received partly in the workplace and partly provided by a vocational training establishment, and a period of professional practice and training of at least two years' duration culminating in a mastership examination conferring the rights to exercise the profession, to train apprentices and to use the title "Meister".

training for master craftsmen in the field of agriculture and forestry, namely,

- master in agriculture ("Meister in der Landwirtschaft"),

- master in rural home economics ("Meister in der ländlichen Hauswirtschaft"),

- master in horticulture ("Meister im Gartenbau"),

- master in market gardening ("Meister im Feldgemüsebau"),

- master in pomology and fruit-processing ("Meister im Obstbau und in der Obstverwertung"),

- master in viniculture and wine-production ("Meister im Weinbau and in der Kellerwirtschaft"),

- master in dairy farming ("Meister in der Molkerei- und Käsereiwirtschaft"),

- master in horse husbandry ("Meister in der Pferdewirtschaft"),

- master in fishery ("Meister in der Fischereiwirtschaft"),

- master in poultry farming ("Meister in der Geflügelwirtschaft"),

- master in apiculture ("Meister in der Bienenwirtschaft"),

- master in forestry ("Meister in der Forstwirtschaft"),

- master in forestry plantation and forest management ("Meister in der Forstgarten- und Forstpflegewirtschaft"),

- master in agricultural warehousing ("Meister in der landwirtschaftlichen Lagerhaltung"),

which represents education and training of a total duration of at least fifteen years, including at least six years' training followed within a structured training framework divided into an apprenticeship of at least three years' duration, comprising training partly received in the workplace and partly provided by a vocational training establishment, and a period of three years of professional practice culminating in a mastership examination relating to the profession and conferring the rights to train apprentices and to use the title "Meister".`

'In Norway

training for:

- landscape gardener ("anleggsgartner"),

- dental technician ("tanntekniker").

These courses are of a total duration of at least fourteen years, including at least five years training within a structured training framework divided into an apprenticeship of at least three years' duration, comprising training partly received in the workplace and partly provided by a vocational training establishment, and a period of professional practice and training of two years' duration, culminating in a mastership examination relating to the craft and conferring the rights to train apprentices and to use the title "Mester".`

(c) Under heading '3. Seafaring sector, subheading a) Sea transport`, the following is inserted:

'In Norway

training for:

- master mariner/deck officer Class 1 ("skipsfører"),

- chief mate/deck officer Class 2 ("overstyrmann"),

- master home trade/deck officer Class 3 ("kystskipper"),

- mate/watchkeeping officer/deck officer Class 4 ("styrmann"),

- chief engineer officer/engineer officer Class 1 ("maskinsjef"),

- second engineer officer/engineer officer Class 2 ("1. maskinist"),

- solo engineer/engineer officer Class 3 ("enemaskinist"),

- watchkeeping engineer/engineer officer Class 4 ("maskinoffiser"),

which represent training of nine years' primary schooling followed by a course of basic training and service at sea of three years (two and a half years for engineering officers), supplemented by

- for watchkeeping officers, one year of specialized vocational training,

- for the others, two years of specialized vocational training

and by further service at sea and which are recognized under the International STCW Convention (International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers, 1978).

training for:

- electro-automation officer/ship's electrician,

("elektroautomasjonstekniker/skipselektriker")

which represents training of nine years' primary schooling followed by a two-year course of basic training, supplemented by one year of practical experience and service at sea and one year of specialized vocational training.`

(d) After the entries under heading '3. Seafaring sector`, subheading 'b) Sea fishing` the following is inserted:

'c) Mobile drilling rig personnel`

'In Norway

training for:

- platform manager ("plattformsjef"),

- stability section manager ("stabilitetssjef"),

- control room operator ("kontrollromoperatør"),

- technical section leader ("teknisk sjef"),

- assistant technical section leader ("teknisk assistent"),

which represents training of nine years' primary schooling, followed by a two-year course of basic training, supplemented by at least one year's service off-shore and,

- for the control room operator, one year of specialized vocational training,

- for the others, two and a half years of specialized vocational training.`

(e) Under heading '4. Technical sector` the following is inserted:

'In Austria

training for:

- forester ("Förster"),

- technical consulting ("Technisches Büro"),

- labour leasing ("Überlassung von Arbeitskräften - Arbeitsleihe"),

- employment agent ("Arbeitsvermittlung"),

- investment adviser ("Vermögensberater"),

- private investigator ("Berufsdetektiv"),

- security guard ("Bewachungsgewerbe"),

- real estate agent ("Immobilienmakler"),

- real estate manager ("Immobilienverwalter"),

- advertising and promotion agency ("Werbeagentur"),

- building project organizer ("Bauträger, Bauorganisator, Baubetreuer"),

- debt-collecting institute ("Inkassoinstitut"),

which represents education and training of a total duration of at least fifteen years, comprising eight years' compulsory schooling followed by a minimum of five years' secondary technical or commercial study, culminating in a technical or commercial matura examination, supplemented by at least two years' workplace education and training culminating in a professional examination.

- insurance consultant ("Berater in Versicherungsangelegenheiten"),

which represents education and training of a total duration of 15 years, including six years' training followed within a structured training framework, divided into an apprenticeship of three years' duration and a three-year period of professional practice and training, culminating in an examination.

- master builder/planning and technical calculation ("Planender Baumeister"),

- master woodbuilder/planning and technical calculation ("Planender Zimmermeister"),

which represents education and training of a total duration of at least eighteen years, including at least nine years' vocational training divided into four years' secondary technical study and five years' professional practice and training culminating in a professional examination conferring the rights to exercise the profession and to train apprentices, insofar as this training relates to the right to plan buildings, to make technical calculations and to supervise construction work ("the Maria Theresian privilege").`

II. LEGAL PROFESSIONS

377 L 0249: Council Directive 77/249/EEC of 22 March 1977 to facilitate the effective exercise by lawyers of freedom to provide services (OJ No L 78, 26.3.1977, p. 17), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following shall be added to Article 1 (2):

'>TABLE>

`

III. MEDICAL AND PARAMEDICAL ACTIVITIES

1. Doctors

393 L 0016: Council Directive 93/16/EEC of 5 April 1993 to facilitate the free movement of doctors and the mutual recognition of their diplomas, certificates and other evidence of formal qualifications (OJ No L 165, 7.7.1993, p. 1).

(a) The following is added to Article 3:

' (m) in Austria:

"Doktor der gesamten Heilkunde" (diploma of doctor of medicine) awarded by a university faculty of medicine and "Diplom über die spezifische Ausbildung in der Allgemeinmedizin" (diploma of specialist training in general medicine), or "Facharztdiplom" (diploma as a specialist doctor) issued by the competent authority;

(n) in Finland:

"todistus lääketieteen lisensiaatin tutkinnosta/bevis om medicine licentiat examen" (certificate of the degree of licentiate in medicine) awarded by a university faculty of medicine and a certificate of practical training issued by the competent public health authorities;

(o) in Norway:

"bevis for bestått cand.med.eksamen" (diploma of the degree cand.med.) awarded by a university faculty of medicine and a certificate of practical training issued by the competent public health authorities;

(p) in Sweden:

"läkarexamen" (university diploma in medicine) awarded by a university faculty of medicine and a certificate of practical training issued by the National Board of Health and Welfare.`;

(b) the following is added to Article 5 (2):

'in Austria:

"Facharztdiplom" (diploma of medical specialist) issued by the competent authority;

in Finland:

"todistus erikoislääkärin tutkinnosta/betyg över specialläkarexamen" (certificate of the degree of specialist in medicine) issued by the competent authorities;

in Norway:

"bevis for tillatelse til å benytte spesialisttittelen" (certificate of the right to use the title of specialist) issued by the competent authorities;

in Sweden:

"bevis om specialistkompetens som läkare utfärdat av Socialstyrelsen" (certificate of the right to use the title of specialist) issued by the National Board of Health and Welfare.`;

(c) the following entries are added to the indents in Article 5 (3) indicated hereafter:

- anaesthetics:

'>TABLE>

`

- general surgery:

'>TABLE>

`

- neurological surgery:

'>TABLE>

`

- obstetrics and gynaecology:

'>TABLE>

`

- general (internal) medicine:

'>TABLE>

`

- ophthalmology:

'>TABLE>

`

- otorhinolaryngology:

'>TABLE>

`

- paediatrics:

'>TABLE>

`

- respiratory medicine:

'>TABLE>

`

- urology:

'>TABLE>

`

- orthopaedics:

'>TABLE>

`

- pathological anatomy:

'>TABLE>

`

- neurology:

'>TABLE>

`

- psychiatry:

'>TABLE>

`

(d) the following entries are added to the indents in Article 7 (2) indicated hereafter:

- clinical biology:

'>TABLE>

`

- biological haematology:

'>TABLE>

`

- microbiology - bacteriology:

'>TABLE>

`

- biological chemistry:

'>TABLE>

`

- immunology:

'>TABLE>

`

- plastic surgery:

'>TABLE>

`

- thoracic surgery:

'>TABLE>

`

- paediatric surgery:

'>TABLE>

`

- vascular surgery:

'>TABLE>

`

- cardiology:

'>TABLE>

`

- gastro-enterology:

'>TABLE>

`

- rheumatology:

'>TABLE>

`

- general haematology:

'>TABLE>

`

- endocrinology:

'>TABLE>

`

- physiotherapy:

'>TABLE>

`

- dermato-venereology:

'>TABLE>

`

- radiology:

'>TABLE>

`

- diagnostic radiology:

'>TABLE>

`

- radiotherapy:

'>TABLE>

`

- child psychiatry:

'>TABLE>

`

- geriatrics:

'>TABLE>

`

- renal diseases:

'>TABLE>

`

- communicable diseases:

'>TABLE>

`

- community medicine:

'>TABLE>

`

- pharmacology:

'>TABLE>

`

- occupational medicine:

'>TABLE>

`

- allergology:

'>TABLE>

`

- gastro-enterological surgery:

'>TABLE>

`

- nuclear medicine:

'>TABLE>

`

- dental, oral and maxillo-facial surgery (basic medical and dental training):

'>TABLE>

`

(e) the following indent is added to Article 9 (1):

'- the date of accession for Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden,`

(f) the following indent is added to the first subparagraph of Article 9 (2):

'- the date of accession for Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden.`.

2. Nurses

377 L 0452: Council Directive 77/452/EEC of 27 June 1977 concerning the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of the formal qualifications of nurses responsible for general care, including measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment and freedom to provide services (OJ No L 176, 15.7.1977, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0594: Council Directive 89/594/EEC of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 341, 23.11.1989, p. 19),

- 389 L 0595: Council Directive 89/595/EEC of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 341, 23.11.1989, p. 30),

- 390 L 0658: Council Directive 90/658/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 73).

(a) The following are added to Article 1(2):

'in Austria:

"Diplomierte Krankenschwester/Diplomierter

Krankenpfleger";

in Finland:

"sairaanhoitaja/sjukskötare";

in Norway:

"offentlig godkjent sykepleier";

in Sweden:

"sjuksköterska";`

(b) the following is added to Article 3:

' (m) in Austria:

"Diplom in der allgemeinen Krankenpflege" (diploma of general nursing) issued by nursing schools recognized by the government;

(n) in Finland:

diploma of "sairaanhoitaja/sjukskötare" (diploma in nursing or polytechnic diploma in nursing) awarded by a college of nursing;

(o) in Norway:

"bevis for bestått sykepleiereksamen" (diploma of general nursing) awarded by a college of nursing;

(p) in Sweden:

diploma of "sjuksköterska" (university diploma in nursing) awarded by a college of nursing;

3. Practitioners of dentistry

(a) 378 L 0686: Council Directive 78/686/EEC of 25 July 1978 concerning the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of the formal qualifications of practitioners of dentistry, including measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment and freedom to provide services (OJ No L 233, 24.8.1978, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0594: Council Directive 89/594/EEC of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 341, 23.11.1989, p. 19),

- 390 L 0658: Council Directive 90/658/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 73).

(i) The following is added to Article 1:

'in Austria:

the title which will be notified by Austria to the Member States and to the Commission by 31 December 1998 at the latest;

in Finland:

hammaslääkäri/tandläkare,

in Norway:

tannlege,

in Sweden:

tandläkare,`;

(ii) the following is added to Article 3:

' (m) in Austria:

the diploma which will be notified by Austria to the Member States and to the Commission by 31 December 1998 at the latest;

(n) in Finland:

"todistus hammaslääketieteen lisensiaatin tutkinnosta/bevis om odontologi licentiat examen" (certificate of the degree of licentiate in dentistry) awarded by a university faculty of medicine or faculty of dental medicine and a certificate of practical training issued by the competent public health authorities;

(o) in Norway:

"bevis for bestått cand.odont.-eksamen" (diploma of the degree cand.odont.) awarded by a university faculty of dentistry;

(p) in Sweden:

"tandläkarexamen" (university diploma in dentistry) awarded by schools of dentistry and a certificate of practical training issued by the National Board of Health and Welfare`;

(iii) the following indents are added to the headings in Article 5 indicated hereinafter:

1. Orthodontics:

' - in Finland:

"todistus erikoishammaslääkärin oikeudesta oikomishoidon alalla/bevis om specialisttandläkarrättigheten inom området tandreglering" (certificate of orthodontist) issued by the competent authorities;

- in Norway:

"bevis for gjennomgått spesialistutdanning i kjeveortopedi" (certificate of specialist studies in orthodontics) awarded by the competent authorities;

- in Sweden:

"bevis om specialistkompetens i tandreglering" (certificate awarding the right to use the title of dental practitioner specializing in orthodontics) issued by the National Board of Health and Welfare`;

2. Oral surgery:

' - in Finland:

"todistus erikoishammaslääkärin oikeudesta suukirurgian (hammas- ja suukirurgian) alalla/bevis om specialisttandläkarrättigheten inom området oralkirurgi (tand- och munkirurgi)" (certificate of oral or dental and oral surgery) issued by the competent authorities;

- in Norway:

"bevis for gjennomgått spesialistutdanning i oralkirurgi" (certificate of specialist studies in oral surgery) awarded by the competent authorities;

- in Sweden:

"bevis om specialistkompetens i tandsystemets kirurgiska sjukdomar" (certificate awarding the right to use the title of dental practitioner specializing in oral surgery) issued by the National Board of Health and Welfare.`;

(iv) Article 8 (1) is amended as follows:

For 'Articles 2, 4, 7 and 19` read 'Articles 2, 4, 7, 19, 19a and 19b`.

(v) Article 17 is amended as follows:

For 'laid down in Articles 2, 7 (1) and 19` read 'laid down in Articles 2, 7 (1), 19, 19a and 19b`.

(vi) the following is inserted after Article 19a:

'Article 19b

From the date on which the Republic of Austria takes the measures necessary to comply with this Directive, the Member States shall recognize, for the purposes of carrying out the activities referred to in Article 1 of this Directive, the diplomas, certificates and other evidence of formal qualifications in medicine awarded in Austria to persons who had begun their university training before 1 January 1994, accompanied by a certificate issued by the competent Austrian authorities, certifying that these persons have effectively, lawfully and principally been engaged in Austria in the activities specified in Article 5 of Directive 78/687/EEC for at least three consecutive years during the five years prior to the issue of the certificate and that these persons are authorized to carry out the said activities under the same conditions as holders of the diploma, certificate or other evidence of formal qualifications referred to in Article 3 (m).

The requirement of three years' experience referred to in the first subparagraph shall be waived in the case of persons who have successfully completed at least three years of study which are certified by the competent authorities as being equivalent to the training referred to in Article 1 of Directive 78/687/EEC.`;

(b) 378 L 0687: Council Directive 78/687/EEC of 25 July 1978 concerning the coordination of provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action in respect of the activities of dental practitioners (OJ L 233, 24.8.1978, p. 10).

In Article 6 the first and second paragraphs are amended as follows:

The words 'Article 19` are replaced by the words 'Articles 19, 19a and 19b`.

4. Veterinary medicine

378 L 1026: Council Directive 78/1026/EEC of 18 December 1978 concerning the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of formal qualifications in veterinary medicine, including measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment and freedom to provide services (OJ No L 362, 23.12.1978, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0594: Council Directive 89/594/EEC of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 341, 23.11.1989, p. 19),

- 390 L 0658: Council Directive 90/658/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 73).

The following is added to Article 3:

' (m) in Austria:

"Diplom-Tierarzt" "Mag. med. vet." (diploma in veterinary medicine) awarded by the Vienna University of Veterinary Medicine (former High School of Veterinary Medicine, Vienna);

(n) in Finland:

"todistus eläinlääketieteen lisensiaatin tutkinnosta/betyg över avlagd veterinärmedicine licentiatexamen" (diploma in veterinary medicine) awarded by the College of Veterinary Medicine;

(o) in Norway:

"eksamensbevis utstedt av Norges veterinærhøgskole for bestått cand.med.vet.-eksamen" (diploma of the degree cand.med.vet.) awarded by the Norwegian College of Veterinary Medicine;

(p) in Sweden:

"veterinärexamen" (University Diploma in Veterinary Medicine, DVM) awarded by the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences;`.

5. Midwives

380 L 0154: Council Directive 80/154/EEC of 21 January 1980 concerning the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of formal qualifications in midwifery and including measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment and freedom to provide services (OJ No L 33, 11.2.1980, p. 1), as amended by:

- 380 L 1273: Council Directive 80/1273/EEC of 22 December 1980 (OJ No L 375, 31.12.1980, p. 74),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0594: Council Directive 89/594/EEC of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 341, 23.11.1989, p. 19),

- 390 L 0658: Council Directive 90/658/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 73).

(a) The following is added to Article 1:

'in Austria:

"Hebamme",

in Finland:

"kätilö/barnmorska",

in Norway:

"jordmor",

in Sweden:

"barnmorska",`;

(b) the following is added to Article 3:

' (m) in Austria:

"Hebammen-Diplom" awarded by an academy of midwifery or a federal midwifery training establishment;

(n) in Finland:

"kätilö/barnmorska" or "erikoissairaanhoitaja, naistentaudit ja äitiyshuolto/specialsjukskötare, kvinnosjukdomar och mödravård" (diploma of midwifery or polytechnic diploma of midwifery) awarded by a college of nursing;

(o) in Norway:

"bevis for bestått jordmoreksamen" (diploma of midwifery) awarded by a college of midwifery and a certificate of practical training issued by competent public health authorities;

(p) in Sweden:

"barnmorskeexamen" (university diploma in midwifery) awarded by a College of Nursing;`.

6. Pharmacy

385 L 0433: Council Directive 85/433/EEC of 16 September 1985 concerning the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of formal qualifications in pharmacy, including measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment relating to certain activities in the field of pharmacy (OJ No L 253, 24.9.1985, p. 37), as amended by:

- 385 L 0584: Council Directive 85/584/EEC of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 372, 31.12.1985, p. 42),

- 390 L 0658: Council Directive 90/658/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 73).

The following is added at the end of Article 4:

' (m) in Austria:

Staatliches Apothekerdiplom (State diploma of pharmacists) awarded by the competent authorities;

(n) in Finland:

todistus proviisorin tutkinnosta/bevis om provisorexamen (Master of Science in Pharmacy) awarded by a university;

(o) in Norway:

bevis for bestått cand.pharm.-eksamen (diploma of the degree cand.pharm.) awarded by a university faculty;

(p) in Sweden:

apotekarexamen (university diploma in pharmacy) awarded by the University of Uppsala;`.

IV. ARCHITECTURE

385 L 0384: Council Directive 85/384/EEC of 10 June 1985 on the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of formal qualifications in architecture, including measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment and freedom to provide services (OJ No L 223, 21.8.1985, p. 15), as amended by:

- 385 L 0614: Council Directive 85/614/EEC of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 376, 31.12.1985, p. 1),

- 386 L 0017: Council Directive 86/17/EEC of 27 January 1986 (OJ No L 27, 1.2.1986, p. 71),

- 390 L 0658: Council Directive 90/658/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 73.).

The following is added to Article 11:

' (l) in Austria:

- the diplomas awarded by the Universities of Technology of Vienna and Graz and by the University of Innsbruck, Faculty for Building-Engineering ("Bauingenieurwesen") and Architecture ("Architektur"), in the fields of study of architecture, building-engineering ("Bauingenieurwesen"), building ("Hochbau") and "Wirtschaftsingenieurwesen - Bauwesen",

- the diplomas awarded by the University for "Bodenkultur" in the fields of study of "Kulturtechnik und Wasserwirtschaft",

- the diplomas awarded by the University College of Applied Arts in Vienna in architectural studies,

- the diplomas awarded by the Academy of Fine Arts in Vienna in architectural studies,

- the diplomas of certified engineers (Ing.) awarded by higher technical colleges or technical colleges for building, plus the licence of "Baumeister" attesting a minimum of six years of professional experience in Austria, sanctioned by an examination,

- the diplomas awarded by the University College for artistic and industrial training in Linz, in architectural studies,

- the certificates of qualification for Civil Engineers or Engineering Consultants in the field of construction ("Hochbau", "Bauwesen", "Wirtschaftsingenieurwesen - Bauwesen", "Kulturtechnik und Wasserwirtschaft") according to the Civil Technician Act (Ziviltechnikergesetz, BGBl. Nr. 156/1994);

(m) in Norway:

- the diplomas (sivilarkitekt) awarded by the Norwegian Institute of Technology at the University of Trondheim, the Oslo College of Architecture and the Bergen College of Architecture,

- the certificates of membership of the "Norske Arkitekters Landsforbund" (NAL) if the persons concerned have received their training in a State to which this Directive applies;

(n) in Sweden:

- the diplomas awarded by the School of Architecture at the Royal Institute of Technology, the Chalmers Institute of Technology and the Institute of Technology at Lund University (arkitekt, university diploma in architecture),

- the certificates of membership of the "Svenska Arkitekters Riksförbund" (SAR) if the persons concerned have received their training in a State to which this Directive applies;`.

V. COMMERCE AND INTERMEDIARIES

1. Intermediaries in commerce, industry and small craft industries

364 L 0224: Council Directive 64/224/EEC of 25 February 1964 concerning the attainment of freedom of establishment and freedom to provide services in respect of activities of intermediaries in commerce, industry and small craft industries (OJ No 56, 4.4.1964, p. 869/64), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following is added to Article 3:

'>TABLE>

`

2. Trade in and distribution of toxic products

374 L 0557: Council Directive 74/557/EEC of 4 June 1974 on the attainment of freedom of establishment and freedom to provide services in respect of activities of self-employed persons and of intermediaries engaging in the trade and distribution of toxic products (OJ No L 307, 18.11.1974, p. 5).

The following is added to the Annex:

' - Austria:

Substances and preparations which are classified as "strongly toxic" or "toxic" under the Law on Chemical Substances (Chemikaliengesetz BGBl. Nr. 326/1987), and regulations based thereon (§ 217 (1), Gewerbeordnung BGBl. Nr. 194/1994).

- Finland:

1. Chemicals covered by the Chemicals Act (744/89) and regulations;

2. Biological pesticides covered by the Pesticides Act (327/69) and regulations.

- Norway:

1. Substances and preparations covered by the Regulation concerning labelling, sale, etc. of chemical substances and preparations that may involve a hazard to health of 1 June 1990;

2. Substances and preparations covered by the Regulation concerning a list of substances, risk phrases and safety phrases of 3 July 1990;

3. Chemicals covered by the Regulation concerning delivery, collection, reception and disposal of certain categories of hazardous waste of 10 April 1984;

4. Pesticides covered by the Act on Pesticides of 5 April 1963, the Regulation relating to pesticides of 7 February 1992 and the Regulation relating to requirements for approval of importers of pesticides of 7 August 1987;

5. Asbestos and asbestos products covered by the Regulation of 16 August 1991 on asbestos;

6. Organic solvents and preparations containing organic solvents covered by the Regulation of 9 December 1982 concerning OAR-labelling (Occupational Air Requirements).

- Sweden:

1. Extremely dangerous and very dangerous chemical products referred to in the Regulation on Chemical Products (1985:835);

2. Certain drug precursors referred to in the Instructions on Permits to Produce, Trade and Distribute Venomous and Very Hazardous Chemical Products (KIFS 1986:5, KIFS 1990:9);

3. Pesticides, class 1, referred to in Regulation 1985:836;

4. Waste which is hazardous to the environment referred to in Regulation 1985:841;

5. PCBs and chemical products containing PCBs referred to in Regulation 1985:837;

6. Substances listed under group B in the Public Notice on Instructions Concerning Sanitary Limit Values (AFS 1990:13);

7. Asbestos and materials containing asbestos referred to in Public Notice AFS 1986:2.`.

VI. SERVICES INCIDENTAL TO TRANSPORT

382 L 0470: Council Directive 82/470/EEC of 29 June 1982 on measures to facilitate the effective exercise of freedom of establishment and freedom to provide services in respect of activities of self-employed persons in certain services incidental to transport and travel agencies (ISIC Group 719) and in storage and warehousing (ISIC Group 720) (OJ No L 213, 21.7.1982, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following is added at the end of Article 3:

'Austria:

A. Spediteur

Transportagent

Frachtenreklamation

B. Reisebüro

C. Lagerhalter

Tierpfleger

D. Kraftfahrzeugprüfer

Kraftfahrzeugsachverständiger

Wäger

Finland:

A. Huolitsija/Speditör

Laivanselvittäjä/Skeppsmäklare

B. Matkanjärjestäjä/Researrangör

Matkanvälittäjä/Reseförmedlare

C. -

D. Autonselvittäjä/Bilmäklare

Norway:

A. Speditør

Skipsmegler

B. Reisebyrå

Reisearrangør

C. Oppbevaring

D. Bilinspektør

Sweden:

A. Speditör

Skeppsmäklare

B. Resebyrå

C. Magasinering

Lagring

Förvaring

D. Bilinspektör

Bilprovare

Bilbesiktningsman`.

VII. OTHER SECTORS

Business services in the real estate and other sectors

367 L 0043: Council Directive 67/43/EEC of 12 January 1967 concerning the attainment of freedom of establishment and freedom to provide services in respect of activities of self-employed persons concerned with: 1. Matters of 'real estate` (excluding 6401)(ISIC Group ex 640) 2. The provision of certain 'business services not elsewhere classified` (ISIC Group 839) (OJ No 10, 19.1.1967, p. 140/67), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The following is added at the end of Article 2 (3):

'in Austria:

- Immobilienmakler,

- Immobilienverwalter,

- Bauträger (Bauorganisator, Baubetreuer).

in Finland:

- kiinteistönvälittäjä/fastighetsförmedlare, fastig-

hetsmäklare.

in Norway:

- eiendomsmeglere, advokater,

- entreprenører, utbyggere av fast eiendom,

- eiendomsforvaltere,

- utleiekontorer.

in Sweden:

- fastighetsmäklare,

- (fastighets-)värderingsman,

- fastighetsförvaltare,

- byggnadsentreprenörer.`.

E. PROCUREMENT

1. 393 L 0037: Council Directive of 14 June 1993 concerning the coordination of procedures for the award of public works contracts 93/37/EEC (OJ No L 199, 9.8.1993, p. 54).

(a) The following is added to Article 25:

' - in Austria, the Firmenbuch, the Gewerberegister, the Mitgliederverzeichnisse der Landeskammern,

- in Finland, Kaupparekisteri/Handelsregistret;

- in Norway, Foretaksregisteret,

- in Sweden, aktiebolags-, handels- eller föreningsregistren.`.

(b) the following is added to Annex I 'LISTS OF BODIES AND CATEGORIES OF BODIES GOVERNED BY PUBLIC LAW REFERRED TO IN ARTICLE 1 (b)`:

' XIII. AUSTRIA:

all bodies subject to budgetary supervision by the "Rechnungshof" (audit authority) not having an industrial or commercial character.

XIV. FINLAND:

public or publicly controlled entities or undertakings not having an industrial or commercial character.

XV. NORWAY:

Public or publicly controlled entities or undertakings not having an industrial or commercial character.

Bodies

- Norsk Rikskringkasting,

- Norges Bank,

- Statens Lånekasse for Utdanning,

- Statistisk Sentralbyrå,

- Den Norske Stats Husbank,

- Statens Innvandrer- og Flyktningeboliger,

- Medisinsk Innovasjon Rikshospitalet,

- Norges Forskningsråd,

- Statens Pensjonskasse.

Categories:

- Statsbedrifter i h.t. lov av 25. juni 1965 nr. 3 om Statsbedrifter (State enterprises covered by the law on state enterprises of 25 June 1965, No 3),

- Statsbanker (State banks),

- Universiteter og høyskoler etter lov av 16. juni 1989 nr. 77 (Universities and establishments of higher education under the law of 16 June 1989, No 77).

XVI. SWEDEN:

All non-commercial bodies whose procurement is subject to supervision by theNational Board for Public Procurement.`.

2. 393 L 0036: Council Directive 93/36/EEC of 14 June 1993 coordinating procedures for the award of public supply contracts (OJ No L 199, 9.8.1993, p. 1).

(a) The following is added to Article 21:

' - in Austria, the Firmenbuch, the Gewerberegister, the Mitgliederverzeichnisse der Landeskammern,

- in Finland, Kaupparekisteri/Handelsregistret,

- in Norway, Foretaksregisteret,

- in Sweden, aktiebolags-, handels- eller föreningsregistren.`;

(b) the following is added to Annex I:

'AUSTRIA

Central Government Entities`

1. Bundeskanzleramt

2. Bundesministerium für auswärtige Angelegenheiten

3. Bundesministerium für wirtschaftliche Angelegenheiten, Abteilung Präsidium 1

4. Bundesministerium für Arbeit und Soziales, Amtswirtschaftsstelle

5. Bundesministerium für Finanzen

(a) Amtswirtschaftsstelle

(b) Abteilung VI/5 (EDV-Bereich des Bundesministeriums für Finanzen und des Bundesrechenamtes)

(c) Abteilung III/1 (Beschaffung von technischen Geräten, Einrichtungen und Sachgütern für die Zollwache)

6. Bundesministerium für Gesundheit, Sport und Konsumentenschutz

7. Bundesministerium für Inneres

8. Bundesministerium für Justiz, Amtswirtschaftsstelle

9. Bundesministerium für Landesverteidigung (Non-war material is contained in Annex I, Part II, Austria, of the GATT Agreement on Government Procurement)

10. Bundesministerium für Land- und Forstwirtschaft

11. Bundesministerium für Umwelt, Jugend und Familie, Amtswirtschaftsstelle

12. Bundesministerium für Unterricht und Kunst

13. Bundesministerium für öffentliche Wirtschaft und Verkehr

14. Bundesministerium für Wissenschaft und Forschung

15. Österreichisches Statistisches Zentralamt

16. Österreichische Staatsdruckerei

17. Bundesamt für Eich- und Vermessungswesen

18. Bundesversuchs- und Forschungsanstalt-Arsenal (BVFA)

19. Bundesstaatliche Prothesenwerkstätten

20. Bundesprüfanstalt für Kraftfahrzeuge

21. Generaldirektion für die Post- und Telegraphenverwaltung (postal business only)

FINLAND

Central Government Entities

1. Oikeusministeriö/Justitieministeriet

2. Rahapaja Oy/Myntverket Ab

3. Painatuskeskus Oy/Tryckericentralen Ab

4. Metsähallitus/Forststyrelsen

5. Maanmittaushallitus/Lantmäteristyrelsen

6. Maatalouden tutkimuskeskus/Lantbrukets

forskningscentral

7. Ilmailulaitos/Luftfartsverket

8. Ilmatieteen laitos/Meteorologiska institutet

9. Merenkulkuhallitus/Sjöfartstyrelsen

10. Valtion teknillinen tutkimuskeskus/Statens tekniska forskningscentral

11. Valtion Hankintakeskus/Statens upphandlingscentral

12. Vesi- ja ympäristöhallitus/Vatten- och miljöstyrelsen

13. Opetushallitus/Utbildningsstyrelsen

NORWAY

Central Government Entities

1. Statens vegvesen

2. Postverket

3. Rikshospitalet

4. Universitetet i Oslo

5. Politiet

6. Norsk Rikskringkasting

7. Universitetet i Trondheim

8. Universitetet i Bergen

9. Kystdirektoratet

10. Universitetet i Tromsø

11. Statens forurensningstilsyn

12. Luftfartsverket

13. Forsvarsdepartementet

14. Forsvarets Sanitet

15. Luftforsvarets Forsyningskommando

16. Hærens Forsyningskommando

17. Sjøforsvarets Forsyningskommando

18. Forsvarets Felles Materielltjeneste

19. Norges Statsbaner for the procurement of

- concrete sleepers

- brake fittings for rolling stock

- spare parts for railway track machines

- autodiesel

- cars and vans for railway services

SWEDEN

Central Government Entities. The listed entities include regional and local subdivisions.

1. Rikspolisstyrelsen

2. Kriminalvårdsstyrelsen

3. Försvarets sjukvårdsstyrelse

4. Fortifikationsförvaltningen

5. Försvarets materielverk

6. Statens räddningsverk

7. Kustbevakningen

8. Socialstyrelsen

9. Läkemedelsverket

10. Postverket

11. Vägverket

12. Sjöfartsverket

13. Luftfartsverket

14. Generaltullstyrelsen

15. Byggnadsstyrelsen

16. Riksskatteverket

17. Skogsstyrelsen

18. AMU-gruppen

19. Statens lantmäteriverk

20. Närings- och teknikutvecklingsverket

21. Domänverket

22. Statistiska centralbyrån

23. Statskontoret

3. 393 L 0038: Council Directive 93/38/EEC of 14 June 1993 coordinating the procurement procedures of entities operating in the water, energy, transport and telecommunications sectors (OJ No L 199, 9.8.1993, p. 84).

(a) The following is added to Annex I 'PRODUCTION, TRANSPORT OR DISTRIBUTION OF DRINKING WATER`:

'AUSTRIA

Entities of local authorities (Gemeinden) and associations of local authorities (Gemeindeverbände) producing, transporting or distributing drinking water pursuant to the Wasserversorgungsgesetze of the nine Länder.

FINLAND

Entities producing, transporting or distributing drinking water pursuant to Article 1 of Laki yleisistä vesi- ja viemärilaitoksista (982/77) of 23 December 1977.

NORWAY

Entities producing, transporting or distributing water pursuant to the forskrift av 28. september 1951 om drikkevann og vannforsyning.

SWEDEN

Local authorities and municipal companies which produce, transport or distribute drinking water pursuant to lagen (1970:244) om allmänna vatten- och avloppsanläggningar.`;

(b) the following is added to Annex II 'PRODUCTION, TRANSPORT OR DISTRIBUTION OF ELECTRICITY`:

'AUSTRIA

Entities producing, transporting or distributing electricity pursuant to the second Verstaatlichungsgesetz (BGBl. Nr. 81/1947), and the Elektrizitätswirtschaftsgesetz (BGBl. Nr. 260/1975), including the Elektrizitätswirtschaftsgesetze of the nine Länder.

FINLAND

Entities producing, transporting or distributing electricity on the basis of a concession pursuant to Article 27 of Sähkölaki (319/79) of 16 March 1979.

NORWAY

Entities producing, transporting or distributing electricity pursuant to the lov av 19. juni 1969 nr. 65 om bygging og drift av elektriske anlegg, the lov av 14. desember 1917 nr. 16 om erverv av vannfall, bergverk og annen fast eiendom m.v., I, jf. kap. V or vassdragsreguleringsloven av 14. desember 1917 nr. 17 or energiloven av 29. juni 1990 nr. 50.

SWEDEN

Entities which transport or distribute electricity on the basis of a concession pursuant to lagen (1902:71 s. 1) innefattande vissa bestämmelser om elektriska anläggningar.`;

(c) the following is added to Annex III 'TRANSPORT OR DISTRIBUTION OF GAS OR HEAT`:

'AUSTRIA

>TABLE>

FINLAND

Municipal energy boards, or associations thereof, or other entities transporting or distributing gas or heat on the basis of a concession granted by the municipal authorities.

NORWAY

Entities transporting or distributing heat pursuant to the lov av 18. april 1986 nr. 10 om bygging og drift av fjernvarmeanlegg or energiloven av 29. juni 1990 nr. 50.

SWEDEN

Entities which transport or distribute gas or heat on the basis of a concession pursuant to lagen (1978:160) om vissa rörledningar.`;

(d) The following is added to Annex IV 'EXPLORATION FOR AND EXTRACTION OF OIL OR GAS`:

'AUSTRIA

Berggesetz 1975 (BGBl. Nr. 259/1975).

NORWAY

Petroleumsloven av 22. mars 1985 nr. 11 (Petroleum Act) and regulations pursuant to the Petroleum Act or by the lov av 14. mai 1973 nr. 21 om undersøkelse etter og utvinning av petroleum i grunnen under norsk landområde.

SWEDEN

Entities holding a concession for the prospection or exploitation of oil or gas under minerallagen (1991:45) or which have been granted an authorization pursuant to lagen (1966:314) om kontinentalsockeln.`;

(e) the following is added to Annex V 'EXPLORATION FOR AND EXTRACTION OF COAL OR OTHER SOLID FUELS`:

'AUSTRIA

Entities exploring for or extracting coal or other solid fuels pursuant to the Berggesetz 1975 (BGBl. Nr. 259/1975).

FINLAND

Entities exploring for or extracting coal or other solid fuels and operating on the basis of an exclusive right pursuant to Articles 1 and 2 of Laki oikeudesta luovuttaa valtion maaomaisuutta ja tuloatuottavia oikeuksia (687/78).

NORWAY

-

SWEDEN

Entities exploring or extracting coal or other solid fuels on the basis of a concession pursuant to minerallagen (1991:45) or lagen (1985:620) om vissa torvfyndigheter or which have been granted an authorization pursuant to lagen (1966:314) om kontinentalsockeln.`;

(f) the following is added to Annex VI 'CONTRACTING ENTITIES IN THE FIELD OF RAILWAY SERVICES`:

'AUSTRIA

Entities providing railway services pursuant to the Eisenbahngesetz 1957 (BGBl. Nr. 60/1957).

FINLAND

Valtionrautatiet/Statsjärnvägarna (State Railways).

NORWAY

Norges Statsbaner (NSB) and entities operating pursuant to jernbaneloven av 11. juni 1993 nr. 100.

SWEDEN

Public entities operating railway services in accordance with förordningen (1988:1379) om statens spåranläggningar and lagen (1990:1157) om järnvägssäkerhet.

Regional and local public entities operating regional or local railway communications pursuant to lagen (1978:438) om huvudmannaskap för viss kollektiv persontrafik.

Private entities operating railway services pursuant to a permission under förordningen (1988:1379) om statens spåranläggningar where such permits correspond to Article 2 (3) of the Directive.`;

(g) the following is added to Annex VII 'CONTRACTING ENTITIES IN THE FIELD OF URBAN RAILWAY, TRAMWAY, TROLLEY BUS OR BUS SERVICES`:

'AUSTRIA

Entities providing transport services pursuant to the Eisenbahngesetz 1957 (BGBl. Nr. 60/1957) and the Kraftfahrliniengesetz 1952 (BGBl. Nr. 84/1952).

FINLAND

Public or private entities operating bus services according to "Laki (343/91) luvanvaraisesta henkilöliikenteestä tiellä" and Helsingin kaupungin liikennelaitos/Helsingfors stads trafikverk (Helsinki Transport Board), which provides metro and tramway services to the public.

NORWAY

Norges Statsbaner (NSB) and entities operating pursuant to jernbaneloven av 11. juni 1993 nr. 100.

SWEDEN

Entities operating urban railway or tramway services according to lagen (1978:438) om huvudmannaskap för viss kollektiv persontrafik and lagen (1990:1157) om järnvägssäkerhet. Public or private entities operating a trolley bus or bus service in accordance with the lagen (1978:438) om huvudmannaskap för viss kollektiv persontrafik and lagen (1983:293) om yrkestrafik.`;

(h) the following is added to Annex VIII 'CONTRACTING ENTITIES IN THE FIELD OF AIRPORT FACILITIES`:

'AUSTRIA

Austro Control GmbH

Entities as defined in Articles 60 to 80 of the Luftfahrtgesetz 1957 (BGBl. Nr. 253/1957).

FINLAND

Airports managed by "Ilmailulaitos/Luftfartsverket" pursuant to Ilmailulaki (595/64).

NORWAY

Entities providing airport facilities pursuant to the lov av 11. juni 1993 nr. 101 om luftfart

SWEDEN

Publicly owned and operated airports in accordance with lagen (1957:297) om luftfart.

Privately owned and operated airports with an exploitation permit under the act, where this permit corresponds to the criteria of Article 2 (3) of the Directive.`;

(i) the following is added to Annex IX 'CONTRACTING ENTITIES IN THE FIELD OF MARITIME OR INLAND PORT OR OTHER TERMINAL FACILITIES`:

'AUSTRIA

Inland ports owned totally or partially by Länder and/or Gemeinden.

FINLAND

Ports operating pursuant to Laki kunnallisista satamajärjestyksistä ja liikennemaksuista (955/76).

Saimaa Canal (Saimaan kanavan hoitokunta).

NORWAY

Norges Statsbaner (NSB) (Railway terminals).

Entities operating pursuant to havneloven av 8. juni 1984 nr. 51.

SWEDEN

Ports and terminal facilities according to lagen (1983:293) om inrättande, utvidgning och avlysning av allmän farled och allmän hamn, the förordningen (1983:744) om trafiken på Göta kanal.`;

(j) the following is added to Annex X 'OPERATION OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS NETWORKS OR PROVISION OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES`:

'AUSTRIA

Österreichische Post- und Telegraphenverwaltung (PTV).

FINLAND

Entities operating subject to permits corresponding to the criteria of Article 2 (3) of the Directive (Article 4 of Teletoimintalaki (183/87, as amended by 676/92)).

NORWAY

Entities operating pursuant to telegrafloven av 29. april 1899.

SWEDEN

Entities operating subject to permits corresponding to the criteria of Article 2 (3) of the Directive.`.

4. 392 L 0013: Council Directive 92/13/EEC of 25 February 1992 coordinating the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the application of Community rules on the procurement procedures of entities operating in the water, energy, transport and telecommunications sectors (OJ No L 76, 23.3.1992, p. 14)

The following is added to the Annex 'National authorities to which requests for application of the conciliation procedure referred to in Article 9 may be addressed`:

'AUSTRIA

Bundesministerium für wirtschaftliche Angelegenheiten

FINLAND

Kauppa- ja teollisuusministeriö/Handels- och industriministeriet

NORWAY

Nærings- og energidepartementet

SWEDEN

Nämnden för offentlig upphandling`.

5. 392 L 0050: Council Directive 92/50/EEC of 18 June 1992 relating to the coordination of procedures for the award of public services contracts (OJ No L 209, 24.7.1992, p. 1).

In Article 30 (3) the following is added:

' - in Austria, the Firmenbuch, the Gewerberegister, the Mitgliederverzeichnisse der Landeskammern;

- in Finland, Kaupparekisteri/Handelsregistret;

- in Norway, Foretaksregisteret;

- in Sweden, aktiebolags-, handels- eller föreningsregistren.`.

F. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND PRODUCT LIABILITY

I. PATENTS

392 R 1768: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1768/92 of 18 June 1992 concerning the creation of a supplementary protection certificate for medicinal products (OJ No L 182, 2.7.1992, p. 1).

(a) In Article 3 (b) the following is added:

'For the purpose of Article 19 (1), an authorization to place the product on the market granted in accordance with the national legislation of Austria, Finland, Norway or Sweden is treated as an authorization granted in accordance with Directive 65/65/EEC or Directive 81/851/EEC, as appropriate`;

(b) Article 19 (1) is replaced by the following:

'1. Any product which on the date of accession is protected by a valid patent and for which the first authorization to place it on the market as a medicinal product in the Community or within the territories of Austria, Finland, Norway or Sweden was obtained after 1 January 1985 may be granted a certificate.

In the case of certificates to be granted in Denmark, in Germany, in Finland and in Norway, the date of 1 January 1985 shall be replaced by that of 1 January 1988.

In the case of certificates to be granted in Belgium, in Italy and in Austria, the date of 1 January 1985 shall be replaced by that of 1 January 1982.`;

(c) in Article 20, the following subparagraph is added:

'With regard to Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden, this Regulation shall not apply to certificates granted in accordance with their national legislation before the date of accession.`.

II. SEMICONDUCTOR PRODUCTS

390 D 0510: First Council Decision of 9 October 1990 on the extension of the legal protection of topographies of semiconductor products to persons from certain countries and territories (90/510/EEC) (OJ No L 285, 17.10.1990, p. 29), as amended by:

- 393 D 0017: Council Decision 93/17/EEC of 21 December 1992 (OJ No L 11, 19.1.1993, p. 22).

In the Annex, the references to Austria, Finland, Norway and Sweden are deleted.

XII. ENERGY

1. 358 X 1101P0534: EAEC Council: The Statutes of the Euratom Supply Agency (OJ No 27, 6.12.1958, p. 534/58), as amended by:

- 373 D 0045: Council Decision 73/45/Euratom of 8 March 1973 amending the statutes of the Euratom Supply Agency following the Accession of new Member States to the Community (OJ No L 83, 30.3.1973, p. 20),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) Article V (1) and (2) are replaced by the following:

'1. The capital of the Agency shall be 4 416 000 European units of account.

2. The capital shall be divided according to the following scales:

>TABLE>

`

(b) Article X (1) and (2) are replaced by the following:

'1. An Advisory Committee to the Agency shall be set up comprising fifty-two members.

2. Seats shall be allotted to nationals of Member States as follows:

>TABLE>

`.

2. 372 D 0443: Commission Decision 72/443/ECSC of 22 December 1972 on alignment of prices for sales of coal in the common market (OJ No L 297, 30.12.1972 p. 45), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 386 S 2526: Commission Decision 2526/86/ECSC of 31 July 1986 (OJ No L 222, 8.8.1986, p. 8).

The following is to added to Article 3 after subparagraph (k):

' (l) Austria;

(m) Finland;

(n) Norway;

(o) Sweden.`.

3. 377 D 0190: Commission Decision 77/190/EEC of 26 January 1977 implementing Directive 76/491/EEC regarding a Community procedure for information and consultation on the prices of crude oil and petroleum products in the Community (OJ No L 61, 5.3.1977, p. 34), as amended by:

- 379 D 0607: Commission Decision 79/607/EEC of 30 May 1979 (OJ No L 170, 9.7.1979, p. 1),

- 380 D 0983: Commission Decision 80/983/EEC of 4 September 1980 (OJ No L 281, 25.10.1980, p. 26),

- 381 D 0883: Commission Decision 81/883/EEC of 14 October 1981 (OJ No L 324, 12.11.1981, p. 19).

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

(a) The following is added to the table under APPENDIX A, 'NAMES OF PETROLEUM PRODUCTS`:

'

>TABLE>

`.

(b) the following is added to the table under APPENDIX B, 'SPECIFICATION OF MOTOR FUELS`:

'

>TABLE>

`.

(c) the following is added to the table under APPENDIX C, `SPECIFICATION OF FUELS':

'

>TABLE>

`.

4. 390 L 0377: Council Directive 90/377/EEC of 29 June 1990 concerning a Community procedure to improve the transparency of gas and electricity prices charged to industrial end-users. (OJ No L 185, 17.7.1990, p. 16), as amended by:

- 393 L 0087: Commission Directive 93/87/EEC of 22 October 1993 (OJ No L 277, 10.11.1993, p. 32).

(a) The following are inserted in ANNEX I, paragraph 11:

>TABLE>

(b) the following are inserted in ANNEX II, point I. (2):

>TABLE>

5. 390 L 0547: Council Directive 90/547/EEC of 29 October 1990 on the transit of electricity through transmission grids (OJ No L 313, 13.11.1990, p. 30).

The following are inserted in the ANNEX:

>TABLE>

6. 391 L 0296: Council Directive 91/296/EEC of 31 May 1991 on the transit of natural gas through grids (OJ No L 147, 12.6.1991, p. 37)

The following are inserted to the ANNEX:

>TABLE>

7. 392 D 0167: Commission Decision of 4 March 1992 setting up a Committee of Experts on the Transit of Electricity between Grids (92/167/EEC) (OJ No L 74, 20.3.1992, p. 43).

Article 4 is replaced by the following:

'Article 4

Composition

1. The Committee shall comprise 21 members, namely:

- 16 representatives of the high-voltage grids operating in the Community (one representative per Member State),

- three independent experts whose professional experience and competence in the field of electricity transit in the Community are widely recognized,

- one representative of Eurelectric,

- one Commission representative.

2. The members of the Committee shall be appointed by the Commission. The 16 representatives of the grids and the Eurelectric representative shall be appointed after consultation of the circles concerned from a list containing at least two proposals for each post.`;

XIII. CUSTOMS AND TAXATION

A. CUSTOMS

I. TECHNICAL ADAPTATIONS TO THE CUSTOMS

CODE AND ITS IMPLEMENTING PROVISIONS

(a) Customs code

392 R 2913: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2913/92 of 12 October 1992 establishing the Community Customs Code (OJ No L 302, 19.10.1992, p. 1):

(a) Article 3 (1) is replaced by the following:

'The customs territory of the Community shall comprise:

- the territory of the Kingdom of Belgium,

- the territory of the Kingdom of Denmark, except the Faroe Islands and Greenland,

- the territory of the Federal Republic of Germany, except the Island of Heligoland and the territory of Büsingen (Treaty of 23 November 1964 between the Federal Republic of Germany and the Swiss Confederation),

- the territory of the Kingdom of Spain, except Ceuta and Melilla,

- the territory of the French Republic, except the overseas territories and "collectivités territoriales",

- the territory of the Hellenic Republic,

- the territory of Ireland,

- the territory of the Italian Republic, except the municipalities of Livigno and Campione d'Italia and the national waters of Lake Lugano which are between the bank and the political frontier of the area between Ponte Tresa and Porto Ceresio,

- the territory of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

- the territory of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in Europe,

- the territory of the Kingdom of Norway, except Svalbard,

- the territory of the Republic of Austria,

- the territory of the Portuguese Republic,

- the territory of the Republic of Finland, including the Åland Islands, provided a declaration is made in accordance with Article 227 (5) of the EC Treaty,

- the territory of the Kingdom of Sweden,

- the territory of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and of the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.`;

(b) Article 3 (2) (a) is repealed.

(b) Implementing provisions

393 R 2454: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2454/93 of 2 July 1993 laying down provisions for the implementation of Council Regulation (EEC) No 2913/92 establishing the Community Customs Code (OJ No L 253, 11.10.1993, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 R 3665: Commission Regulation (EC) No 3665/93 of 21 December 1993 (OJ No L 335, 31.12.1993, p 1).

1. Article 26 (1), third paragraph, is replaced by the following:

'Certificates of authenticity apply to grapes, whisky and tobacco, certificates of designation of origin to wine, and certificates of quality to sodium nitrate.`

2. In the table below Article 26:

(a) For the goods listed under Order No 2, the following is deleted:

'Austria` in Column 5;

'Agrarmarkt Austria AMA` in Column 6;

'Vienna` in Column 7.

(b) Order No 5 is deleted.

3. Article 27 (2), second indent, is replaced by the following:

'- in the case of the goods listed under Order No 4 in the table referred to in Article 26, white paper with a yellow border weighing not less than 40 g/m2;`.

4. Article 29 (1), third indent, is replaced by the following:

'- 6 months, in the case of the goods listed under Order No 7 in the table,`.

5. The following is inserted in Article 62, third paragraph, after 'emitido a posteriori,`:

' - annettu jälkikäteen/utfärdat i efterhand,

- utstedt i etterhånd,

- utfärdat i efterhand.`.

6. In Article 75 (1) (c) the following is deleted:

'Austria, Finland, Norway, Sweden or`.

7. Article 80 is replaced by the following:

'Article 80

Originating products within the meaning of this section shall be eligible on importation into the Community to benefit from tariff preferences referred to in Article 66 on production of a certificate of origin form A issued by the customs authorities of Switzerland on the basis of a certificate of origin form A issued by the competent authorities of the exporting beneficiary country provided that the conditions laid down in Article 75 have been fulfilled and provided that Switzerland assists the Community by allowing its customs authorities to verify the authenticity and accuracy of the certificates of origin form A. The verification procedure laid down in Article 95 shall apply mutatis mutandis. The time limit laid down in the first subparagraph of Article 95 (3) shall be extended to eight months.`.

8. Article 96 is replaced by the following:

'Article 96

The provisions of Article 75 (1) (c) and Article 80 are applicable only in so far as, in the context of the tariff preferences given by Switzerland to certain products originating in developing countries, that country applies provisions similar to those mentioned above.`.

9. In Article 107 (3) the following is added:

' - annettu jälkikäteen/utfärdat i efterhand,

- utstedt i etterhånd,

- utfärdat i efterhand.`.

10. In Article 108 (2) the following is added:

' - KAKSOISKAPPALE/DUPLIKAT,

- DUPLIKAT,

- DUPLIKAT.`.

11. Article 163 (2) is replaced by the following:

'The customs value of goods introduced into the customs territory of the Community and then carried to a destination in another part of that territory through the territories of Belarus, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Russia, Romania, the Slovak Republic, Switzerland, or former Yugoslavia in its borders of 1 January 1991 shall be determined by reference to the first place of introduction into the customs territory of the Community, provided that goods are carried direct through the territories of those countries by a usual route across such territory to the place of destination.`.

12. Article 163 (4) is replaced by the following:

'Paragraphs 2 and 3 of this Article shall also apply where the goods have been unloaded, transhipped or temporarily immobilized in the territories of Belarus, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Russia, Romania, the Slovak Republic, Switzerland, or former Yugoslavia in its borders of 1 January 1991 for reasons related solely to their transport.`.

13. The following is added to Article 280 (3):

' - Yksinkertaistettu vienti/Förenklad export

- Forenklet utførsel

- Förenklad export.`.

14. The following is added to Article 298 (2), under the indent 'in box 104`:

' - TIETTY KÄYTTÖTARKOITUS: SIIRRONSAAJAN KÄYTTÖÖN ASETETTAVIA TAVAROITA (ASETUS (ETY) N:o 2454/93, 298 ARTIKLA)/SÄRSKILT ÄNDAMÅL: VARORNA SKALL STÄLLAS TILL MOTTAGARENS FÖRFOGANDE (ARTIKEL 298/FÖRORDNING (EEG) Nr 2454/93),

- SLUTTBRUK: VARER SOM SKAL STILLES TIL RÅDIGHET FOR DEN DISPOSISJONSBERETTIGEDE (FORORDNING (EØF) Nr. 2454/93, ARTIKKEL 298),

- SÄRSKILT ÄNDAMÅL: VARORNA SKALL STÄLLAS TILL MOTTAGARENS FÖRFOGANDE (ARTIKEL 298/FÖRORDNING (EEG) Nr 2454/93),`.

15. The following is added to Article 299 (3):

' - TIETTY KÄYTTÖTARKOITUS/SÄRSKILT ÄNDAMÅL,

- SLUTTBRUK,

- SÄRSKILT ÄNDAMÅL.`.

16. The following is added to Article 303 (1):

' - TIETTY KÄYTTÖTARKOITUS: VIETÄVIKSI TARKOITETTUJA TAVAROITA (ASETUS (ETY) N:o 2454/93, 303 ARTIKLA: EI SOVELLETA VALUUTTOJEN TASAUSMAKSUA EIKÄ MAATALOUSTUKEA)/SÄRSKILT ÄNDAMÅL: VAROR AVSEDDA FÖR EXPORT (ARTIKEL 303/FÖRORDNING (EEG) Nr 2454/93 MONETÄRA UTJÄMNINGSBELOPP OCH JORDBRUKSBIDRAG UTESLUTNA),

- SLUTTBRUK: VARER BESTEMT FOR UTFØRSEL (FORORDNING (EØF) Nr. 2454/93, ARTIKKEL 303: ANVENDELSE AV MONETÆRE UTJEVNINGSBELØP OG TILBAKEBETALINGER I LANDBRUKSSEKTOREN ER UTELUKKET),

- SÄRSKILT ÄNDAMÅL: VAROR AVSEDDA FÖR EXPORT (ARTIKEL 303/FÖRORDNING (EEG) Nr 2454/93: MONETÄRA UTJÄMNINGSBELOPP OCH JORDBRUKSBIDRAG UTESLUTNA).`.

17. The following is added to Article 318:

' - annettu jälkikäteen/utfärdat i efterhand,

- utstedt i etterhånd,

- utfärdat i efterhand.`.

18. The following is added to Article 335 (2), third subparagraph:

' - ote/utdrag,

- utdrag,

- utdrag.`.

19. In Article 361 (2) the following is inserted after '- toepassing van artikel 361, punt 2, van Verordening (EEG) nr. 2454/93,`:

' - asetuksen (ETY) n:o 2454/93, 361 artiklan 2 kohtaa sovellettu/tillämpning av artikel 361.2 i förordning (EEG) nr 2454/93,

- anvendelse av Artikkel 361 nr. 2 i forordning (EØF) nr. 2454/93,

- tillämpning av artikel 361.2 i förordning (EEG) nr 2454/93.`.

20. In Article 371 the following is inserted after 'BEPERKTE GELDIGHEID - TOEPASSING VAN ARTIKEL 371 VAN VERORDENING (EEG) Nr. 2454/93,`:

' - VOIMASSA RAJOITETUSTI: ASETUKSEN (ETY) N:o 2454/93 371 ARTIKLAA SOVELLETTU/BEGRÄNSAD GILTIGHET - TILLÄMPNING AV ARTIKEL 371, FÖRORDNING (EEG) Nr 2454/93,

- BEGRENSET GYLDIGHET: ANVENDELSE AV FORORDNING (EØF) Nr. 2454/93 ARTIKKEL 371,

- BEGRÄNSAD GILTIGHET - TILLÄMPNING AV ARTIKEL 371 FÖRORDNING (EEG) Nr 2454/93.`.

21. The following is added to Article 392 (2):

' - yksinkertaistettu menettely/förenklat förfarande,

- forenklet prosedyre,

- förenklat förfarande.`.

22. The following is added to Article 393 (2):

' - vapautettu allekirjoituksesta/befriad från underskrift

- fritatt for underskrift,

- befriad från underskrift.'.

23. The following is added to Article 402 (1):

' - yksinkertaistettu menettely/förenklat förfarande,

- forenklet prosedyre,

- förenklat förfarande.`.

24. The following is added to Article 404 (2):

' - vapautettu allekirjoituksesta/befriad från underskrift

- fritatt for underskrift,

- befriad från underskrift.`.

25. The following is added to Article 464 after 'Verlaten van de Gemeenschap aan beperkingen onderworpen,`:

' - Vienti yhteisöstä rajoitusten alaista/Export från Gemenskapen underkastad restriktioner,

- Utførsel fra Fellesskapet underlagt restriksjoner,

- Export från Gemenskapen underkastad restriktioner,`.

26. The following is added to Article 464 after 'Verlaten van de Gemeenschap aan belastingheffing onderworpen,`:

' - Vienti yhteisöstä maksujen alaista/Export från Gemenskapen underkastad avgifter,

- Utførsel fra Fellesskapet betinget av avgiftsbetaling,

- Export från Gemenskapen underkastad avgifter,`.

27. The following is added to Article 481 (3):

' - tavaroita ei kuljeteta passitusmenettelyssä/varor ej under transitering,

- varer ikke underlagt en transitteringsprosedyre,

- varor ej under transitering,`.

28. The following is added to Article 485 (4):

' - Ote valvontakappaleesta: ........... (numero, päiväys, toimipaikka ja antomaa)/Utdrag ur kontrollexemplar: .......... (nummer och datum samt utfärdande kontor och land)

- Utdrag av kontrolleksemplar: .......... (nummer, dato, utstedende kontor og land)

- Utdrag ur kontrollexemplar: .......... (nummer och datum samt utfärdande kontor och land)`.

29. The following is added to Article 485 (5):

' - annettuja otteita .......... (lukumäärä) - kopiot oheisina/.......... (antal) utfärdade utdrag - kopior bifogas,

- .......... (antall) utstedte utdrag, kopier vedlagt,

- .......... (antal) utfärdade utdrag - kopior bifogas`.

30. The following is added to Article 486 (2):

' - Annettu jälkikäteen/Utfärdat i efterhand,

- Utstedt i etterhånd,

- Utfärdat i efterhand.`.

31. The following is added to Article 492 (1):

' - Yksinkertaistettu menettely/Förenklat förfarande,

- Forenklet prosedyre,

- Förenklat förfarande.`.

32. The following is added to Article 494 (2):

' - Vapautettu allekirjoituksesta/Befriad från underskrift,

- Fritatt for underskrift,

- Befriad från underskrift.`.

33. The following is added to Article 522 (4):

' - TK-tavaroita/NB-varor,

- NB-varer,

- NB-varor.`.

34. The following is added to Article 601 (3):

' - KAKSOISKAPPALE/DUPLIKAT,

- DUPLIKAT,

- DUPLIKAT.`.

35. The following is added to Article 610 (1):

' - SJ/S-tavaroita/AF/S-varor,

- IB/S-varer,

- AF/S-varor.`.

36. The following is added to Article 610 (2):

' - Kauppapolitiikka/Handelspolitik,

- Handelspolitikk,

- Handelspolitik.`.

37. The following is added to Article 644 (1):

' - SJ/T-tavaroita/AF/R-varor,

- IB/R-varer,

- AF/R-varor.`.

38. The following is added to Article 711:

' - VM-tavaroita/TI varor,

- MI-arer,

- TI varor.`.

39. The following is added to Article 778 (3):

' - KAKSOISKAPPALE/DUPLIKAT,

- DUPLIKAT,

- DUPLIKAT.`.

40. The following is added to Article 818 (4):

' - TK-tavaroita/HVH-varor,

- NB-varer,

- HVH-varor.`.

41. The following is added to Article 849 (2):

' - Vietäessä ei myönnetty vientitukea eikä muita määriä/Inga bidrag eller andra belopp har beviljats vid exporten,

- Ingen tilbakebetalinger eller andre beløp gitt ved utførselen,

- Inga bidrag eller andra belopp har beviljats vid exporten.`.

42. The following is added to Article 849 (3):

' - Vientituki ja muut vietäessä maksetut määrät maksettu takaisin .......... (määrä) osalta/De vid exporten beviljade bidragen eller andra belopp har betalats tillbaka för .......... (kvantitet);

- Tilbakebetalinger og andre beløp gitt ved utførselen er betalt for .......... (mengde);

- De vid exporten beviljade bidragen eller andra belopp har betalats tillbaka för .......... (kvantitet).`.

43. The following is added to Article 849 (3) after 'or`:

' - Oikeus vientitukeen tai muihin vietäessä maksettuihin määriin peruutettu .......... (määrä) osalta/Rätt till utbetalning av bidrag och andra belopp vid exporten har annullerats för .......... (kvantitet);

- Rett til tilbakebetalinger eller utbetaling av andre beløp ved utførselen er opphevet for .......... (mengde);

- Rätt till utbetalning av bidrag och andra belopp vid exporten har annullerats för .......... (kvantitet).`.

44. The following is added to Article 855:

' - KAKSOISKAPPALE/DUPLIKAT,

- DUPLIKAT,

- DUPLIKAT.`.

45. The following is added to Article 882 (1):

' - Yhteisön tullikoodeksin 185 artiklan 2 kohdan b alakohdan mukaista palautustavaraa/Returvaror enligt artikel 185.2 b) i gemenskapens tullkodex

- Returvarer i henhold til artikkel 185 nr. 2 bokstav b i Fellesskapets tollkodeks

- Returvaror enligt artikel 185.2 b i gemenskapens tullkodex.`.

46. Annex 1 is amended as follows:

In box '13 Language` of copies 4 and 5 of the Binding Tariff Information form, the following are inserted:

'FI`, 'NO`, 'SE`.

47. Annex 6 is amended as follows:

The form 'CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICITY FOR FINNISH VODKA` is replaced by the following:

'Abrogated`.

48. Annex 6A is amended as follows:

The form 'CERTIFICATE OF AUTHENTICITY FOR SWEDISH VODKA` is replaced by the following:

'Abrogated`.

49. Annex 17 is amended as follows:

(a) The four columns beginning 'Australia*` and ending 'United Kingdom` appearing under Note I (1) of the notes appearing on the back of 'Form A` in English are replaced by the following:

'Australia * European Community:

Canada Austria Italy

Japan Belgium Luxembourg

New Zealand Denmark Netherlands

Switzerland Finland Norway

United States

of America

France Portugal

Germany Spain

Greece Sweden

Ireland United

Kingdom`;

(b) the four columns beginning 'Australie*` and ending 'Royaume-Uni` appearing under Note I (1) of the 'notes` appearing on the back of 'Formule A` in French is replaced by the following:

'Australie * Communauté européenne:

Canada Autriche Irlande

États-Unis

Allemagne Italie

d'Amérique

Belgique Luxembourg

Japon Danemark Norvège

Nouvelle-Zélande Espagne Pays-Bas

Suisse Finlande Portugal

France Royaume-Uni

Grèce Suède`;

(c) Note III (b) (3), of the notes appearing on the back of 'Form A` in English, is replaced by the following:

'Japan, Switzerland and the European Community enter the letter "W" in box 8 followed by the Customs Cooperation Council Nomenclature (harmonized system) heading of the exported product (example: "W"96.18)`;

(d) Note III (b) (3), of the notes appearing on the back of 'Formule A` in French, is replaced by the following:

'Japon, Suisse et Communauté européenne: il y a lieu d'inscrire dans la case 8 la lettre "W" suivie de la position tarifaire occupée par le produit exporté dans la Nomenclature du Conseil de coopération douanière (système harmonisé) (exemple: "W"96.18)`.

50. Annex 18 is amended as follows:

(a) Note I (1), of the notes appearing in Part 2 of 'Form APR` in English, is replaced by the following:

'Switzerland European Community:

Austria Italy

Belgium Luxembourg

Denmark Netherlands

Finland Norway

France Portugal

Germany Spain

Greece Sweden

Ireland United

Kingdom.`

(b) Note I (1) of the notes appearing in 'Partie 2` of 'Formulaire APR` in French, is replaced by the following:

'Suisse Communauté européenne:

Autriche Irlande

Allemagne Italie

Belgique Luxembourg

Danemark Norvège

Espagne Pays-Bas

Finlande Portugal

France Royaume-Uni

Grèce Suède.`

51. Annex 25 is amended by adding the following:

'>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

`.

52. Annex 27 is amended by adding the following:

'MARKETING CENTRES FOR THE PURPOSE OF CALCULATING UNIT PRICES BY CLASSIFICATION HEADING

>TABLE>

`

53. Annex 31 (SAD - Single Administrative Document) is amended as follows:

The following is added to Copy 5: 'Palautetaan`, 'Tilbakesendes til`, 'Åter till`.

54. Annex 32 (SAD - Computerized declaration processing system) is amended as follows:

The following is added to Copies 4 and 5: 'Palautetaan`, 'Tilbakesendes til`, 'Åter till`.

55. Annex 48 is amended as follows:

In paragraph 1 (1) the paragraph beginning 'in favour of the Kingdom of Belgium` and ending 'any amount for which a principal (3)` is replaced by the following:

'in favour of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Portuguese Republic, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Sweden, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, any amount for which a principal (3) .......... `. 56. Annex 49 is amended as follows:

In paragraph 1 (1), the paragraph beginning 'in favour of the Kingdom of Belgium` and ending 'any amount for which a principal (3)` is replaced by the following:

'in favour of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Portuguese Republic, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Sweden, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, any amount for which a principal (3) .......... `. 57. Annex 50 is amended as follows:

In paragraph 1(1) the paragraph beginning 'in favour of the Kingdom of Belgium` and ending 'ECU 7 000 per guarantee voucher` is replaced by the following:

'in favour of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Portuguese Republic, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Sweden, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, any amounts for which a principal may be or become liable to the abovementioned States by reason of infringements or irregularities committed in the course of or in connection with a Community transit operation including duties, taxes, agricultural levies and other charges - with the exception of pecuniary penalties - as regards principal or further liabilities, expenses and incidental charges with regard to which the undersigned has agreed to be responsible by the issue of guarantee vouchers up to a maximum amount of ECU 7 000 per guarantee voucher.`.

58. Annex 51 is amended as follows:

The following is deleted in box 7:

'ECONOMIC`, 'AUSTRIA`, 'FINLAND`, 'NORWAY`, 'SWEDEN`.

59. Annex 60 is amended as follows:

Under heading 'PROVISIONS GOVERNING THE INFORMATION TO BE ENTERED ON THE TAXATION FORM`, subheading 'I. General`:

(a) in the column following the sentence beginning 'The taxation form shall bear`, the following are inserted:

'AT = Austria`

'FI = Finland`

'NO = Norway`

'SE = Sweden`;

(b) in the column following the paragraph beginning 'Heading 16:` the following is inserted:

'ATS = Austrian schillings`

'FIM = Finnish markkas`

'NOK = Norwegian kroner`

'SEK = Swedish kronor`;

60. Annex 63 (Control copy T5 form) is amended as follows:

The following is added to Copies 4 and 5: 'Palautetaan`, 'Tilbakesendes til`, 'Åter till`.

61. Annex 68/A is amended as follows:

Under the heading 'PROVISIONS GOVERNING AUTHORIZATIONS TO OPERATE A CUSTOMS WAREHOUSE OR TO USE THE PROCEDURE` in the column under point 3, the following are inserted:

'- AT for Austria`

'- FI for Finland`

'- NO for Norway`

'- SE for Sweden`.

62. Annex 81 is amended as follows:

The following are inserted in Note B.14. of the notes appearing on the back of information sheet INF 5:

'- ATS for Austrian schillings,`

'- FIM for Finnish markkas,`

'- NOK for Norwegian kroner,`

'- SEK for Swedish kronor.`.

63. Annex 82 is amended as follows:

The following are inserted in note B.9. of the notes appearing on the back of information sheet INF 1:

'- ATS for Austrian schillings,`

'- FIM for Finnish markkas,`

'- NOK for Norwegian kroner,`

'- SEK for Swedish kronor.`.

64. Annex 98 is amended as follows:

The following are inserted in note B 13 of the notes appearing on the back of information sheet INF 6:

'- ATS for Austrian schillings`

'- FIM for Finnish markkas`

'- NOK for Norwegian kroner`

'- SEK for Swedish kronor`.

65. Annex 99 is amended as follows:

The following are deleted:

'Austria`

'Finland`

'Norway`

'Sweden`.

66. Annex 106 is amended as follows:

(a) The following are inserted in Note B.15. of the notes appearing on the back of information sheet INF 2:

'- ATS for Austrian schillings,`

'- FIM for Finnish markkas,`

'- NOK for Norwegian kroner,`

'- SEK for Swedish kronor.`;

(b) The following are inserted in the provisions regarding the INF 2 information sheet:

'AT - Austria`

'FI - Finland`

'NO - Norway`

'SE - Sweden`.

67. Annex 108 is amended by adding the following:

'>TABLE>

`.

68. Annex 111 is amended as follows:

The following is inserted in Note B.12. of the notes appearing on the back of the form 'Application for repayment: remission`:

'- ATS : Austrian schillings,`

'- FIM : Finnish markkas,`

'- NOK: Norwegian kroner,`

'- SEK : Swedish kronor`.

II. TECHNICAL ADAPTATIONS TO PROVISIONS NOT INCLUDED IN THE CUSTOMS CODE

1. 376 L 0308: Council Directive 76/308/EEC of 15 March 1976 on mutual assistance for the recovery of claims resulting from operations forming part of the system of financing the European Agricultural Guidance and Guarantee Fund, and of agricultural levies and customs duties (OJ No L 73, 19.3.1976, p. 18), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 379 L 1071: Council Directive 79/1071/EEC of 6 December 1979 (OJ No L 331, 27.12.1979, p. 10),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

Article 22 (2) is replaced by the following: 'The Commission representative shall submit to the Committee a draft of the measures to be adopted. The Committee shall deliver its opinion on the draft within a time set by the Chairman, having regard to the urgency of the matter. Opinions shall be adopted by a majority of 64 votes, the votes of the Member States being weighted as provided in Article 148 (2) of the Treaty. The Chairman shall not vote.`

2. 382 R 0636: Council Regulation (EEC) No 636/82 of 16 March 1982 establishing economic outward processing arrangements applicable to certain textile and clothing products reimported into the Community after working or processing in certain third countries (OJ No L 76, 20.3.1982, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

Article 12 (3) (a), second subparagraph, is replaced by the following: 'The Committee shall deliver an opinion on the draft within a time limit set by the chairman having regard to the urgency of the matter. Decisions shall be taken by a majority of 64 votes, the votes of the Member States being weighted as provided for in Article 148(2) of the Treaty. The Chairman shall not vote.`

3. 383 R 0918: Council Regulation (EEC) No 918/83 of 28 March 1983 setting up a Community system of reliefs from customs duty (OJ No L 105, 23.4.1983, p. 1), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 385 R 3822: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3822/85 of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 370, 31.12.1985, p. 22),

- 387 R 3691: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3691/87 of 9 December 1987 (OJ No L 347, 11.12.1987, p. 8),

- 388 R 1315: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1315/88 of 3 May 1988 (OJ No L 123, 17.5.1988, p. 2),

- 388 R 4235: Council Regulation (EEC) No 4235/88 of 21 December 1988 (OJ No L 373, 31.12.1988, p. 1),

- 391 R 3357: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3357/91 of 7 November 1991 (OJ No L 318, 20.11.1991, p. 3),

- 392 R 2913: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2913/92 of 12 October 1992 (OJ No L 302/92, 19.10.1992, p. 1).

- 394 R 0355: Council Regulation (EEC) No 355/94 of 14 February 1994 (OJ No L 46, 18.2.1994, p. 5).

(a) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 10a

By way of derogation from Articles 3, 4 and 7, Norway may apply its national legislation in force prior to accession regarding removal of goods from Svalbard to the Norwegian mainland insofar as the treatment in Norway prior to accession was more favourable than that given in the Community for imports of the goods in question from Svalbard, entering customs territory as defined with regard to Norway in Council Regulation (EEC) No 2913/92 of 12 October 1992 as amended by the Act of Accession of Norway.`;

(b) The following Article is inserted:

'Article 30a

By way of derogation from Article 30, Norway is authorized to apply its national legislation in force prior to accession regarding small consignments of goods from Svalbard to the Norwegian mainland insofar as the treatment in Norway prior to accession was more favourable than that given in the Community for imports of the goods in question from Svalbard, entering customs territory as defined with regard to Norway in Council Regulation (EEC) No 2913/92 of 12 October 1992 as amended by the Act of Accession of Norway.`.

4. 383 R 2289: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2289/83 of 29 July 1983 laying down provisions for the implementation of Articles 70 to 78 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 918/83 setting up a Community system of reliefs from customs duty (OJ No L 220, 11.8.1983, p. 15), as amended by:

- 1 85 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985 p. 23),

- 385 R 1745: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1745/85 of 26 June 1985 (OJ No L 167, 27.6.1985, p. 23),

- 385 R 3399: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3399/85 of 28 November 1985 (OJ No L 322, 3.12.1985, p. 10),

- 392 R 0735: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 735/92 of 25 March 1992 (OJ No L 81, 26.3.1992, p. 18).

The following is added to the second subparagraph of Article 3(2):

' - "Vammaisille tarkoitetut tavarat: tullittomuus jatkuu, edellyttäen että asetuksen (ETY) n:o 918/83 77 artiklan 2 kohdan 2 alakohdan ehtoja noudatetaan/föremål för handikappade:Fortsatt tullfrihet under förutsättning att villkoren i artikel 77.2 andra stycket i förordning,",

- "Artikler beregnet på funksjonshemmede: Fritaket opprettholdes forutsatt at artikkel 77 nr. 2 annet ledd i forordning (EØF) nr. 918/83 overholdes,",

- "Föremål för handikappade: Fortsatt tullfrihet under förutsättning att villkoren i artikel 77.2 andra stycket i förordning (EEG) nr 918/83 uppfylls." `.

5. 383 R 2290: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2290/83 of 29 July 1983 laying down provisions for the implementation of Articles 50 to 59b and of Articles 63a and 63b of Council Regulation (EEC) No 918/83 setting up a Community system of reliefs from customs duty (OJ No L 220, 11.8.1983, p. 21), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 385 R 1745: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1745/85 of 26 June 1985 (OJ No L 167, 27.6.1985, p. 23),

- 385 R 3399: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3399/85 of 28 November 1985 (OJ No L 322, 3.12.1985, p. 10),

- 388 R 3893: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3893/88 of 14 December 1988 (OJ No L 346, 15.12.1988, p. 32),

- 389 R 1843: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1843/89 of 26 June 1989 (OJ No L 180, 27.6.1989, p. 22),

- 392 R 0735: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 735/92 of 25 March 1992 (OJ No L 81, 26.3.1992, p. 15).

The following is added to the second subparagraph of Article 3(2):

' - "UNESCO-tavarat: tullittomuus jatkuu, edellyttäen että asetuksen (ETY) n:o 918/83 57 artiklan 2 kohdan 1 alakohdan ehtoja noudatetaan/UNESCO-varor: Fortsatt tullfrihet under förutsättning att villkoren i artikel 57.2 första stycket i förordning (EEG) nr 918/83 uppfylls,",

- "UNESCO-varor: Fortsatt tullfrihet under förutsättning att villkoren i artikel 57.2 första stycket i förordning (EEG) nr 918/83 uppfylls,",

- "UNESCO-varer: Fritaket opprettholdes forutsatt at artikkel 57 nr. 2 første ledd i forordning (EØF) nr. 918/83 overholdes."`

B. TAXATION

1. 377 L 0799: Council Directive 77/799/EEC of 19 December 1977 concerning mutual assistance by the competent authorities of the Member States in the field of direct and indirect taxation (OJ No L 336, 27.12.1977, p. 15), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 379 L 1070: Council Directive 79/1070/EEC of 6 December 1979 (OJ No L 331, 27.12.1979, p. 8),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 392 L 0012: Council Directive 92/12/EEC of 25 February 1992 (OJ No L 76, 23.3.1992, p. 1).

(a) Article 1(3) is replaced by the following:

'3. The taxes referred to in paragraph 2 are at present, in particular:

in Belgium:

Impôt des personnes physiques/Personenbelasting

Impôt des sociétés/Vennootschapsbelasting

Impôt des personnes morales/Rechtspersonenbelasting

Impôt des non-résidents/Belasting der niet-verblijfhouders

in Denmark:

Indkomstskat til staten

Selskabsskat

Den kommunale indkomstskat

Den amtskommunale indkomstskat

Folkepensionsbidragene

Sømandsskat

Den særlige indkomstskat

Kirkeskat

Formueskat til staten

Bidrag til dagpengefonden

in Germany:

Einkommensteuer

Körperschaftsteuer

Vermögensteuer

Gewerbesteuer

Grundsteuer

in Greece:

Öüñïò åéóïäÞìáôïò öõóéêþí ðñïóþðùí

Öüñïò åéóïäÞìáôïò íïìéêþí ðñïóþðùí

Öïñïò áêéíÞôïõ ðåñéïõóßáò

in Spain:

Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas

Impuesto sobre Sociedades

Impuesto Extraordinario sobre el Patrimonio de las Personas Físicas

in France:

Impôt sur le revenu

Impôt sur les sociétés

Taxe professionnelle

Taxe foncière sur les propriétés bâties

Taxe foncière sur les propriétés non bâties

in Ireland:

Income tax

Corporation tax

Capital gains tax

Wealth tax

in Italy:

Imposta sul reddito delle persone fisiche

Imposta sul reddito delle persone giuridiche

Imposta locale sui redditi

in Luxembourg:

Impôt sur le revenu des personnes physiques

Impôt sur le revenu des collectivités

Impôt commercial communal

Impôt sur la fortune

Impôt foncier

in the Netherlands:

Inkomstenbelasting

Vennootschapsbelasting

Vermogensbelasting

in Norway:

Skatt av alminnelig inntekt

Skatt av personinntekt

Særskatt på inntekt av petroleumsutvinning og rørledningstransport

Avgift på honorarer til utenlandske kunstnere

Trygdeavgift

Formuesskatt

in Austria:

Einkommensteuer

Körperschaftsteuer

Grundsteuer

Bodenwertabgabe

Abgabe von land- und forstwirtschaftlichen Betrieben

in Portugal:

Contribuição predial

Imposto sobre a indústria agrícola

Contribuição industrial

Imposto de capitais

Imposto profissional

Imposto complementar

Imposto de mais-valias

Imposto sobre o rendimento do petróleo

Os adicionais devidos sobre os impostos precedentes

in Finland:

Valtion tuloverot/de statliga inkomstskatterna

Yhteisöjen tulovero/inkomstskatten för samfund

Kunnallisvero/kommunalskatten

Kirkollisvero/kyrkoskatten

Kansaneläkevakuutusmaksu/folkpensionsförsäkringspremien

Sairausvakuutusmaksu/sjukförsäkringspremien

Korkotulon lähdevero/källskatten på ränteinkomst

Rajoitetusti verovelvollisen lähdevero/källskatten för begränsat skattskyldig

Valtion varallisuusvero/den statliga förmögenhetsskatten

Kiinteistövero/fastighetsskatten

in Sweden:

Den statliga inkomstskatten

Sjömansskatten

Kupongskatten

Den särskilda inkomstskatten för utomlands bosatta

Den särskilda inkomstskatten för utomlands bosatta artister m.fl.

Den statliga fastighetsskatten

Den kommunala inkomstskatten

Förmögenhetsskatten

in the United Kingdom:

Income tax

Corporation tax

Capital gains tax

Petroleum revenue tax

Development land tax`.

(b) Article 1(5) is replaced by the following:

'5. The expression "competent authority" means:

in Belgium:

De Minister van financiën or an authorized representative

Le Ministre des finances or an authorized representative

in Denmark:

Skatteministeren or an authorized representative

in Germany:

Der Bundesminister der Finanzen or an authorized representative

in Greece:

Ôï Õðïõñãåßï Ïéêïíïìéêþí or an authorized representative

in Spain:

El Ministro de Economía y Hacienda or an authorized representative

in France:

Le ministre de l'économie or an authorized representative

in Ireland:

The Revenue Commissioners or their authorized representative

in Italy:

Il Ministro per le finanze or an authorized representative

in Luxembourg:

Le ministre de finance or an authorized representative

in the Netherlands:

De minister van financiën or an authorized representative

in Norway:

Finans- og tollministeren or an authorized representative

in Austria:

Der Bundesminister für Finanzen or an authorized representative

in Portugal:

O Ministro das Finanças or an authorized representative

in Finland:

Valtiovarainministeriö or an authorized representative

Finansministeriet or an authorized representative

in Sweden:

Ministern med ansvar för skattefrågor or an authorized representative

in the United Kingdom:

The Commissioners of Customs and Excise or an authorized representative for information required concerning value added tax and excise duty,

The Commissioners of Inland Revenue or an authorized representative for all other information`.

2. 378 L 1035: Council Directive 78/1035/EEC of 19 December 1978 on the exemption from taxes of imports of small consignments of goods of a non-commercial character from third countries (OJ No L 366, 28.12.1978, p. 34), as amended by:

- 385 L 0576: Council Directive 85/576/EEC of 20 December 1985 (OJ No L 372, 31.12.1985, p. 30).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 1a

By way of derogation from Article 1, second paragraph, point (a), third indent, Norway may apply its national legislation in force prior to accession regarding small consignments of goods from Svalbard to the Norwegian mainland insofar as the treatment in Norway prior to accession was more favourable than that given in the Community for the goods in question imported from Svalbard into the fiscal territory as defined with regard to Norway in Article 3 of Council Directive 77/388/EEC as amended by the Act of Accession of Norway.`.

3. 379 L 1072: Eighth Council Directive 79/1072/EEC of 6 December 1979 on the harmonization of the laws of the Member States relating to turnover taxes - Arrangements for the refund of value added tax to taxable persons not established in the territory of the country (OJ No L 331, 27.12.1979, p. 11), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) Point D of Annex C is replaced by the following:

'D. The application shall be submitted to the relevant competent authorities, i.e. for:

- Belgium: ..........

- Denmark: ..........

- Germany: ..........

- Greece: ..........

- Spain: ..........

- France: ..........

- Ireland: ..........

- Italy: ..........

- Luxembourg: ..........

- the Netherlands: ..........

- Norway: ..........

- Austria: ..........

- Portugal: ..........

- Finland: ..........

- Sweden: ..........

- the United Kingdom: ..........`

(b) Point I of Annex C is replaced by the following:

'I. The application may be used for more than one invoice or import document but the total amount of VAT claimed for 19. . may not be less than:

BEF/LUF ...

DKK ...

DEM ...

GRD ...

PTE ...

FRF ...

IEP ...

ITL ...

NLG ...

NOK ...

ATS ...

ESP ...

FIM ...

SEK ...

GBP ...

if the period to which it relates is less than one calendar year but not less than three months or less than:

BEF/LUF ...

DKK ...

DEM ...

GRD ...

PTE ...

FRF ...

IEP ...

ITL ...

NLG ...

NOK ...

ATS ...

ESP ...

FIM ...

SEK ...

GBP...

if the period to which it relates is one calendar year or less than three months`.

4. 383 L 0181: Council Directive 83/181/EEC of 28 March 1983 determining the scope of Article 14(1) of Directive 77/388/EEC as regards exemptions from value added tax on the final importation of certain goods (OJ No L 105, 23.4.1983, p. 38), as amended by:

- 389 L 0219: Council Directive 89/219/EEC of 7 March 1989 (OJ No L 92, 5.4.1989, p. 13).

The following Article is inserted:

'Article 9a

By way of derogation from Articles 3 and 7, Norway may apply its national legislation in force prior to accession regarding personal property at the time of transfer of normal residence from Svalbard to the Norwegian mainland insofar as the treatment in Norway prior to accession was more favourable than that given in the Community for imports of the goods in question from Svalbard entering the fiscal territory as defined with regard to Norway in Article 3 of Council Directive 77/388/EEC as amended by the Act of Accession of Norway.`.

5. 383 L 0182: Council Directive 83/182/EEC of 28 March 1983 on tax exemptions within the Community for certain means of transport temporarily imported into one Member State from another (OJ No L 105, 23.4.1983, p. 59), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The Annex is replaced by the following:

'ANNEX

List of taxes referred to in the second indent of Article 1 (1)

BELGIUM

- Taxe de circulation sur les véhicules automobiles (Arrêté royal du 23 novembre 1965 portant codification des dispositions légales relatives aux taxes assimilées aux impôts sur les revenus - Moniteur belge du 18 janvier 1966)

- Verkeersbelasting op de autovoertuigen (Koninklijk Besluit van 23 november 1965 houdende codificatie van de wettelijke bepalingen betreffende de met de inkomstenbelastingen gelijkgestelde belastingen - Belgisch Staatsblad van 18 januari 1966)

DENMARK

- Vægtafgift af motorkøretøjer (Lovbekendtgørelse nr. 163 af 31. marts 1993)

GERMANY

- Kraftfahrzeugsteuer (Kraftfahrzeugsteuergesetz - 1979)

- Kraftfahrzeugsteuer (Durchführungsverordnung - 1979)

GREECE

- ÔÝëç êõêëïöïñßáò (N.2367/53 üðùò éó÷ýåé óÞìåñá)

SPAIN

- Tributos Locales sobre circulación de vehículos automóviles (establecido en base a la Ley 41/1979, de 19 de noviembre, de Bases de Régimen Local y al Real Decreto 3250/1976, de 30 de diciembre)

FRANCE

- Taxe différentielle sur les véhicules à moteur (Loi n° 77-1467 du 30 décembre 1977)

- Taxe sur les véhicules d'une puissance fiscale supérieure à 16 CV immatriculés dans la catégorie des voitures particulières (Loi de finances 1979 - Article 1007 du code général des impôts)

IRELAND

- Motor vehicle excise duties (Finance (Excise duties) (Vehicles) Act 1952 as amended, and Section 94, Finance Act 1973 as amended)

ITALY

- Tassa sulla circolazione degli autoveicoli (TU delle leggi sulle tasse automobilistiche approvato con DPR N. 39 del 5 febbraio 1993 e successive modificazioni)

LUXEMBOURG

- Taxe sur les véhicules automoteurs (Loi allemande du 23 mars 1935 (Kraftfahrzeugsteuergesetz) maintenue en vigueur par l'arrêté grand-ducal du 26 octobre 1944, modifiée par la loi du 4 août 1975 et les règlements grand-ducaux du 15 septembre 1975 et du 31 octobre 1975 et du 31 octobre 1975)

NETHERLANDS

- Motorrijtuigenbelasting (wet op de motorrijtuigenbelasting 21 juli 1966, Stb 332 - wet van 18 december 1969/Stb 548)

NORWAY

- Avgift på motorvogner (Lov av 19. juni 1959 nr. 2)

AUSTRIA

- Kraftfahrzeugsteuer (BGBl. Nr. 449/1992)

PORTUGAL

- Imposto sobre veículos (Decreto-Lei nº 143/78, de 12 de Junho)

- Imposto de compensaç-o (Decreto-Lei nº 354-A/82, de 9 de Setembro)

FINLAND

- Moottoriajoneuvovero/motorfordonsskatt (Laki moottoriajoneuvoverosta/Lag om skatt på motorfordon 722/66)

SWEDEN

- Fordonsskatt (Fordonsskattelagen 1988:327)

UNITED KINGDOM

- Vehicle excise duty (Vehicles (Excise) Act 1971)`.

XIV. EDUCATION

363 D 0266: Council Decision 63/266/EEC of 2 April 1963 laying down general principles for implementing a common vocational training policy (OJ No 63, 20.4.1963, p. 1338/63) and 363 X 0688: 63/688/EEC: Rules of the Advisory Committee on Vocational Training of 18 December 1963 (OJ No 190, 30.12.1963, p. 3090/63), as amended by:

- 368 D 0189: Council Decision 68/189/EEC of 9 April 1968 (OJ No L 91, 12.4.1968, p. 26),

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The first paragraph of Article 1 of 63/688/EEC is replaced by the following:

'1. The Advisory Committee on Vocational Training, set up in accordance with the terms of the fourth principle of the Council Decision of 2 April 1963 laying down general principles for implementing a common vocational training policy, shall consist of ninety-six members comprising, from each of the Member States, two representatives of the Government, two representatives of trades unions and two representatives of employers' organizations.`

XV. STATISTICS

1. 393 R 0696: Council Regulation (EEC) No 696/93 of 15 March 1993 on the statistical units for the observation and analysis of the production system in the Community (OJ No L 76, 30.3.1993, p. 1).

In the Annex, Section II, Part B, Geographical criteria, the words appearing after 'in the Netherlands;` in paragraph 2 are replaced by the following:

the 'kommune` in Norway; the 'Gemeinde` in Austria; the 'concelho` in Portugal; the 'kunta/kommun` in Finland; the 'primärkommun` in Sweden and the 'ward` in the United Kingdom.`

2. 391 S 0612: Commission Decision 91/612/ECSC of 31 January 1991 concerning coal statistics (OJ No L 74, 20.3.1991, p. 1).

In Questionnaire Q60.A60:

Section 1.1:

After 'Netherlands`, the following is inserted:

'Norway`, 'Austria`.

After 'Portugal`, the following is inserted:

'Finland`, 'Sweden`.

3. 391 X 0141: Commission Recommendation 91/141/ECSC of 31 January 1991 concerning coal statistics (OJ No L 74, 20.3.1991, p. 35).

(a) In Questionnaires M30, M30a, A30, A30a, A30b, M40, A40, A40a, Q61/A61:

Section 1.1:

After 'Netherlands`, the following is inserted:

'Norway`, 'Austria`.

After 'Portugal`, the following is inserted:

'Finland`, 'Sweden`.

(b) In Questionnaires M40, A40, A40a,

Section 1.2:

'Austria`, 'Norway`, 'Sweden` are deleted.

(c) In Questionnaires M50, A50, A50a, and in Explanatory Notes II to Questionnaires M50/A50, in paragraphs 2 and 3:

'EUR 12` is replaced by 'EUR 16`.

4. 378 L 0546: Council Directive 78/546/EEC of 12 June 1978 on statistical returns in respect of carriage of goods by road, as part of regional statistics (OJ No L 168, 26.6.1978, p. 29), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0462: Council Directive 89/462/EEC of 18 July 1989 (OJ No L 226, 3.8.1989, p. 8).

(a) In Annex II, the following is inserted after the entries for the Netherlands:

'Norway:

pending decision on NUTS classification (NUTS 2 to be used)

Austria:

Burgenland

Niederösterreich

Wien

Kärnten

Steiermark

Oberösterreich

Salzburg

Tirol

Vorarlberg`

and, after the entries for Portugal:

'Finland:

pending decision on NUTS classification (NUTS 2 to be used)

Sweden

pending decision on NUTS classification (NUTS 2 to be used)`

(b) In Annex III:

After 'Netherlands`, the following are inserted:

'Norway`, 'Austria`.

After 'Portugal`, the following are inserted:

'Finland`, 'Sweden`.

'Austria`, 'Norway`, 'Sweden` and 'Finland` are deleted from the list of third countries.

5. 380 L 1119: Council Directive 80/1119/EEC of 17 November 1980 on statistical returns in respect of carriage of goods by inland waterways (OJ No L 339, 15.12.1980, p. 30), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23)

(a) In Annex II, the following is inserted after the entries for the Netherlands:

'Austria:

Burgenland

Niederösterreich

Wien

Kärnten

Steiermark

Oberösterreich

Salzburg

Tirol

Vorarlberg`

and, after the entries for Portugal:

'Finland:

pending decision on NUTS classification (NUTS 2 to be used)

Sweden:

pending decision on NUTS classification (NUTS 2 to be used)`

(b) In Annex III the list of countries is amended as follows:

(i) The first part is replaced by the following:

'I. Countries of the European Community

01. Belgium

02. Denmark

03. Germany

04. Greece

05. Spain

06. France

07. Ireland

08. Italy

09. Luxembourg

10. Netherlands

11. Norway

12. Austria

13. Portugal

14. Finland

15. Sweden

16. United Kingdom`;

(ii) in Part III 'Austria` is deleted and numbers 13 to 25 become 17 to 28.

(c) In Annex IV, Tables 7 (A), 8 (A) and 8 (B) the heading 'EUR 12` is replaced by 'EUR 16` and the column entitled 'A` is moved to come under 'EUR 16`, after 'L`.

(d) In Annex IV, Tables 10 (A) and 10 (B), in the left-hand column, the heading 'EUR 12` is replaced by 'EUR 16`.

After 'Netherlands`, the following are inserted:

'Norway`, 'Austria`.

After 'Portugal`, the following are inserted:

'Finland`, 'Sweden`.

The further reference to Austria is deleted.

6. 380 L 1177: Council Directive 80/1177/EEC of 4 December 1980 on statistical returns in respect of carriage of goods by rail, as part of regional statistics (OJ No L 350, 23.12.1980, p. 23), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23)

(a) The following is added to Article 1 (2) (a):

'>TABLE>

`

(b) In Annex II, the following is inserted after the entries for the Netherlands:

'Norway:

pending decision on NUTS classification (NUTS 2 to be used)

Austria:

Burgenland

Niederösterreich

Wien

Kärnten

Steiermark

Oberösterreich

Salzburg

Tirol

Vorarlberg`

and, after the entries for Portugal:

'Finland:

pending decision on NUTS classification (NUTS 2 to be used)

Sweden:

pending decision on NUTS classification (NUTS 2 to be used)`

(c) In Annex III the list of countries is amended as follows:

The first part is replaced by the following:

'I. European Communities

01. Belgium

02. Denmark

03. Germany

04. Greece

05. Spain

06. France

07. Ireland

08. Italy

09. Luxembourg

10. Netherlands

11. Norway

12. Austria

13. Portugal

14. Finland

15. Sweden

16. United Kingdom`

In the second part, the references to 'Austria`, 'Norway`, 'Sweden` and 'Finland` are deleted and numbers 13 to 28 become 17 to 28.

XVI. CONSUMER PROTECTION

392 X 0579: Commission Recommendation 92/579/EEC of 27 November 1992 calling upon Member States to set up the infrastructures needed to identify dangerous products at the external frontiers (OJ No L 374, 22.12.1992, p. 66).

In point V (4), the following is added:

' - Vaarallinen tuote - ei saa laskea vapaaseen liikkeeseen. Suositus 92/579/ETY

- Farlig produkt - ikke godkjent for fri omsetning. Rekommandasjon 92/579/EØF

- Farlig produkt - ej godkänd för fri omsättning. Rekommendation 92/579/EEG`.

XVII. STRUCTURAL AND REGIONAL POLICY

388 R 2052: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2052/88 of 24 June 1988 on the tasks of the Structural Funds and their effectiveness and on coordination of their activities between themselves and with the operations of the European Investment Bank and the other existing financial instruments (OJ No L 185, 15.7.1988, p. 9), as last amended by:

- 393 R 2081: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2081/93 of 20 July 1993 (OJ No L 193, 31.7.1993, p. 5).

1. The following is added to Article 12 (1):

'As noted in Annex III, the additional resources available for the four new Member States for Objectives 1 to 5b will be, for the period 1995 to 1999, ECU 4 775 million at 1995 prices.

The annual breakdown of these resources by Member State is shown in Annex III`.

2. The following is added to Annex I:

'AUSTRIA: Burgenland`.

3. The following is added as Annex III:

'ANNEX III

Indicative commitment appropriations for new Member States

>TABLE>

1. These figures are indicative only. Actual allocations by Objective will be determined by the application of the Structural Funds Regulation, as for present Member States.

2. These figures include any commitments for pilot projects, innovative actions, studies and Community initiatives according to Articles 3 and 12 (5).`

XVIII. MISCELLANEOUS

EEC Acts

358 R 0001: Council Regulation No 1 of 15 April 1958 determining the languages to be used by the European Economic Community (OJ No 17, 6.10.1958, p. 385/58), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) Article 1 is replaced by the following:

'Article 1

The official languages and the working languages of the institutions of the Union shall be Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish and Swedish.`

(b) Article 4 is replaced by the following:

'Article 4

Regulations and other documents of general application shall be drafted in the twelve official languages.`

(c) Article 5 is replaced by the following:

'Article 5

The Official Journal of the European Communities shall be published in the twelve official languages.`

Euratom Acts

358 R 5001(01): Council Regulation No 1 of 15 April 1958 determining the languages to be used by the European Atomic Energy Community (OJ No 17, 6.10.1958, p. 401/58), as amended by:

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

(a) Article 1 is replaced by the following:

'Article 1

The official languages and the working languages of the institutions of the Union shall be Danish, Dutch, English, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Italian, Norwegian, Portuguese, Spanish and Swedish.`

(b) Article 4 is replaced by the following:

'Article 4

Regulations and other documents of general application shall be drafted in the twelve official languages.`

(c) Article 5 is replaced by the following:

'Article 5

The Official Journal of the European Communities shall be published in the twelve official languages.`

(1) Where reference is made in the directives mentioned below exclusively or primarily to one type of company, this reference may be changed upon the introduction of specific legislation for private limited-liability companies. The introduction of such legislation and the denomination of the companies involved will be notified to the Commission of the European Communities at the latest at the time of implementation of the relevant directives.

ANNEX II

List provided for in Article 30 of the Act of Accession

I. COMMERCIAL POLICY

1. 394 R 0517: Council Regulation (EC) No 517/94 of 7 March 1994 on common rules for imports of textile products from certain third countries not covered by bilateral agreements, protocols or other arrangements, or by other specific Community import rules (OJ No L 67, 10.3.1994, p. 1).

Annex III A must be supplemented by the indication of products originating in countries others than those referred to in Annex II, for which the release into free circulation was subject to quantitative restrictions in the new Member States on 31 December 1993. As a consequence, the wording 'on the basis of Regulation (EEC) No 288/82` appearing in the third indent of Article 2 (1) must be deleted.

Sweden:

Where appropriate, the quantitative tables appearing in Annexes III B, IV and VI must be adjusted to indicate the new quantitative limits, which take into account the existing trade patterns of Sweden.

Austria, Norway and Finland:

Where appropriate, the tables appearing in Annexes III B, IV and VI must be adjusted to indicate the new quantitative limits, which take into account the accession of Austria, Norway and Finland.

2. 392 R 3951: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3951/92 of 29 December 1992 on the arrangements for imports of certain textile products originating in Taiwan (OJ No L 405, 31.12.1992, p. 6), as amended by:

- 394 R 217: Council Regulation (EC) No 217/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 28, 2.2.1994, p. 1).

Sweden:

Where appropiate, the quantitative tables appearing in Annex II must be adjusted to indicate the new quantitative limits which take into account the existing trade patterns of Sweden.

Austria, Norway and Finland:

Where appropriate, the quantitative tables appearing in Annex II must be adjusted to indicate the new quantitative limits which take into account the accession of Austria, Norway and Finland.

II. FISHERIES

1. 392 R 3759: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3759/92 of 17 December 1992 (OJ No L 388, 31.12.1992, p. 1).

The amendments to be made to Annexes I and VI to this Regulation with a view to introducing new species will be made during the interim period, on a proposal from the Commission, in the light of information to be supplied by the Member States of the Union and by the acceding States.

The amendment to be made to Article 5 with a view to authorizing Member States to recognise producers' organizations on an exclusive basis will be made during the interim period, on a proposal from the Commission.

2. 393 R 2210: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2210/93 of 26 July 1993 on the communication of information for the purposes of the common organization of the market in fishery and aquaculture products (OJ No L 197, 6.8.1993, p. 8).

A list of representative markets and ports will be established before accession according to the appropriate procedure.

ANNEX III

Provisions referred to in Article 32 of the Act of Accession

1. 376 L 0116: Council Directive 76/116/EEC of 18 December 1975 on the the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to fertilisers (OJ No L 24, 30.1.1976, p. 21), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/69/EEC of 23 July 1993 (OJ No L 185, 28.7.1993, p. 30).

Article 7, insofar as the cadmium content of fertilizers and the labelling of such content are concerned.

2. 391 L 0157: Council Directive 91/157/EEC of 18 March 1991 on batteries and accumulators containing certain dangerous substances (OJ No L 78, 26.3.1991, p. 38), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/86/EEC of 4 October 1993 (OJ No L 264, 23.10.1993, p. 51).

Article 9, with respect to the mercury content of alkaline manganese batteries including button cell batteries referred to in Article 3 (1).

3. 367 L 0548: Council Directive 67/548/EEC of 27 June 1967 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances (OJ No L 196, 16.8.1967, p. 1), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/101/EEC of 11 November 1993 (OJ No L 13, 15.1.1994, p. 1).

(a) Article 30 in conjunction with Articles 4 and 5, with respect to:

(i) the requirements for the classification, labelling and/or specific concentration limits for the substances or groups of substances listed in Annex I to the Directive and shown in the attached Appendix A, in that Norway may require the use of different classification, labelling and/or specific concentration limits for these substances;

(ii) the criteria for classification and labelling of carcinogenic substances as given in section 4.2.1 of Annex VI to the Directive, in that Norway may require to apply different criteria for classification, and different requirements for the application of certain R-phrases;

(b) Article 30 in conjunction with Articles 4 and 6 of the Directive, with respect to the requirements for the classification, labelling and/or specific concentration limits for the substances or groups of substances not listed in Annex I to the Directive and shown in the attached Appendix B, in that Norway may require the use of classification, labelling and/or specific concentration limits for these substances;

(c) Article 30 in conjunction with Article 23 (2) (d) of the Directive, in that Norway may require the use of an additional R-phrase ('R-215`) not listed in Annex III to the Directive;

(d) For substances covered by points (a) and (c) above, the provisions of Article 23 (2) of the Directive, requiring the use of the words 'EEC label`.

4. 388 L 0379: Council Directive 88/379/EEC of 7 June 1988 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (OJ No L 187 16.7.1988 p. 14), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/18/EEC of 5 April 1993 (OJ No L 104, 29.4.1993, p. 46).

(a) Article 13 in conjunction with Articles 3 and 7, with respect to preparations containing substances as defined in points 3 (a), 3 (b) and 3 (c) of this Annex;

(b) Article 3 (3) (b), as regards testing of preparations for sensitizing effects.

5. 378 L 0631: Council Directive 78/631/EEC of 26 June 1978 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (pesticides) (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1978, p. 13), as last amended by Council Directive 92/32/EEC of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 154, 5.6.1992, p. 1).

6. 391 L 0414: Council Directive 91/414/EEC of 15 July 1991 concerning the placing of plant protection products on the market (OJ No L 230, 19.8.1991, p. 1)

Articles 15 and 16 (f) in so far as these provisions on classification and labelling refer to Council Directive 78/631/EEC of 26 June 1978 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (pesticides) (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1978, p. 13), as last amended by Council Directive 92/32/EEC of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 154, 5.6.1992, p. 1).

Appendix A

>TABLE>

Appendix B

>TABLE>

ANNEX IV

List provided for in Article 39 (1) of the Act of Accession

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

ANNEX V

List provided for in Article 39 (5) of the Act of Accession

>TABLE>

ANNEX VI

List provided for in Articles 54, 73, 97 and 126 of the Act of Accession

CUSTOMS LEGISLATION

Council Regulation (EEC) No 2913/92 of 12 October 1992 (OJ No L 302 of 19.10.1992) and Commission Regulation (EEC) No 2454/93 of 2 July 1993 (OJ No L 253 of 11.10.1993), as amended by Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3665/93 of 21 December 1993 (OJ No L 335 of 31.12.1993), and protocols of origin included in preferential agreements concluded by the Community:

Without prejudice to the following provisions, this Community legislation shall be applicable to the new Member States as from the date of accession.

1. Articles 22 to 27 of Council Regulation and 35 to 140 of Commission Regulation regarding origin of goods, as amended by Commission Regulation (EEC) No 3665/93 of 21 December 1993 (OJ No L 335 of 31 December 1993), and protocols of origin included in preferential agreements concluded by the Community:

1. Without prejudice to the application of any measure deriving from the common commercial policy, evidences of origin properly issued by third countries in the framework of preferential agreements concluded by the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway or the Kingdom of Sweden with those countries or in the framework of unilateral national legislation of the new Member States shall be accepted in the respective new Member States, provided that:

- the evidence of origin and the transport documents have been issued the day before accession at the latest;

- the evidence of origin is submitted to the customs authorities four months after accession at the latest.

2. The new Member States are authorized to retain the authorizations with which the status of 'approved exporters` had been granted in the framework of agreements concluded with third countries, provided that:

- such a provision is also provided for in the agreements concluded by those third countries with the Union as at present constituted;

- the approved exporters apply the Community rules of origin.

These authorizations shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by new authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

3. Requests for subsequent verification of evidences of origin referred to in paragraphs 1, 2 and 4 shall be accepted by the competent customs authorities of the Union as at present constituted and those of the new Member States for a period of two years after issuing of the evidence of origin concerned.

4. Where the evidence of origin and/or the transport documents have been issued before accession and where customs formalities are necessary in respect of trade of goods between the new Member States and the Union as at present constituted or between the new Member States themselves, the provisions of Title V of Protocol 4 on rules of origin of the Agreement on the European Economic Area and of Title V of Protocol No 3 to the Free Trade Agreements between the EC, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden apply.

2. Article 76 of Council Regulation and Articles 253 to 289 of Commission Regulation regarding simplified procedures:

1. The new Member States are authorized to retain the authorizations for periodic declarations issued before accession under the conditions subject to which they were granted.

2. These authorizations shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by new authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

3. Articles 98 to 113 of Council Regulation and 503 to 548 of Commission Regulation regarding customs warehousing:

1. Without prejudice to paragraph 2, the new Member States are authorized to retain the authorizations for customs warehousing issued before accession under the conditions subject to which they were granted.

2. The authorizations referred to in paragraph 1 shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by new authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

3. The procedure shall be discharged under the conditions of Community legislation. Where the discharge gives incurrence to a customs debt, the amount paid shall be considered as own resources of the Community. Where the amount of a customs debt is determined on the basis of the tariff classification of the import goods, the value for customs purposes and the quantity of the import goods at the time of acceptance of the declaration of their placing under customs warehousing and where this declaration was accepted before accession, these elements are those resulting from the legislation applicable before accession in the new Member State concerned.

4. Articles 114 to 129 of Council Regulation and 549 to 649 of Commission Regulation regarding inward processing:

1. The new Member States are authorized to retain the authorizations for inward processing issued before accession under the conditions subject to which they were granted, until the expiry of their validity but not longer than one year after accession.

2. Where the validity of the authorizations referred to in paragraph 1 expires later than one year after accession, these authorizations shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by new authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

3. The procedure shall be discharged under the conditions of Community legislation. Where the discharge gives incurrence to a customs debt, the amount paid shall be considered as own resources of the Community. Where the amount of a customs debt is determined on the basis of the tariff classification, quantity, value for customs purposes and origin of the import goods, at the time of acceptance of the declaration of their placing under inward processing and where this declaration was accepted before accession, these elements are those resulting from the legislation applicable before accession in the new Member State concerned.

In order to maintain, where the discharge gives incurrence to a customs debt, the equity between the holder of an authorization established in the Union as at present constituted and those in the new Member States, compensatory interest shall be paid on the import duties due under the conditions of Community legislation from the date of accession.

4. If the declaration for inward processing has been accepted under a drawback system, the drawback is done under the conditions of Community legislation, by and at the expense of the new Member State where the customs debt in respect of which drawback is requested was incurred before the date of accession.

5. Articles 130 to 136 of Council Regulation and 650 to 669 of Commission Regulation regarding processing under customs control:

1. The new Member States are authorized to retain the authorizations for processing under customs control issued before accession under the conditions subject to which they were granted, until the expiry of their validity but not longer than one year after accession.

2. Where the validity of the authorizations referred to in paragraph 1 expires later than one year after accession, these authorizations shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by new authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

3. The procedure shall be discharged under the conditions of Community legislation. Where the discharge gives incurrence to a customs debt, the amount paid shall be considered as own resources of the Community.

6. Articles 137 to 144 of Council Regulation and 670 to 747 of Commission Regulation regarding temporary importation:

1. The new Member States are authorized to retain the authorizations for temporary importation issued before accession under the conditions subject to which they were granted, until the expiry of their validity but not longer than one year after accession.

2. Where the validity of the authorizations referred to in paragraph 1 expires later than one year after accession, these authorizations shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by new authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

3. The procedure shall be discharged under the conditions of Community legislation. Where the discharge gives incurrence to a customs debt, the amount paid shall be considered as own resources of the Community. Where the amount of a customs debt is determined on the basis of the tariff classification, quantity, value for customs purposes and origin of the import goods at the time of acceptance of the declaration of their placing under temporary importation and where this declaration was accepted before accession, these elements are those resulting from the legislation applicable before accession in the new Member State concerned.

In order to maintain, where the discharge gives incurrence to a customs debt, the equity between the holder of an authorization established in the Union as at present constituted and those in the new Member States, compensatory interest shall be paid on the import duties due under the conditions of Community legislation from the date of accession.

7. Articles 145 to 160 of Council Regulation and 748 to 787 of Commission Regulation regarding outward processing:

1. The new Member States are authorized to retain the authorizations for outward processing issued before accession under the conditions subject to which they were granted, until the expiry of their validity but not longer than one year after accession.

2. Where the validity of the authorizations referred to in paragraph 1 expires later than one year after accession, these authorizations shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by new authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

3. The procedure shall be discharged under the conditions of Community legislation. However, the amount of the customs debt shall be determined following the legislation applicable before accession in the new Member State where the declaration for outward processing was accepted before accession.

8. Articles 166 to 181 of Council Regulation and 799 to 840 of Commission Regulation regarding free zones and free warehouses:

1. The new Member States are authorized to retain the free zones and the free warehouses designated or authorized before accession under the conditions subject to which they were designated or authorized if they meet the conditions of Community legislation as from the date of accession.

2. Where the free zones and free warehouses referred to in paragraph 1 do not meet the conditions of Community legislation, the new Member States are authorized to retain the free zones and the free warehouses designated or authorized before accession until one year after accession at the latest.

3. The authorizations referred to in paragraph 1 shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

4. The competent authorities of the new Member States shall approve the stock records of the free zones operators one year after accession at the latest. This approval shall be issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

5. The new Member States are authorized to retain the authorizations for the placing, under customs procedures provided for under Article 173 (c), (d) and (e) of Council Regulation, of goods remaining in a free zone or free warehouse, issued before accession under the conditions subject to which they were granted, until the expiry of their validity but not longer than one year after accession.

6. Where the validity of the authorizations referred to in paragraph 5 expires later than one year after accession, these authorizations shall be replaced, one year after accession at the latest, by new authorizations issued under the conditions of Community legislation.

9. Articles 201 to 232 of Council Regulation and 868 to 876 of Commission Regulation regarding entry in the accounts and post-clearance recovery:

The recovery is done under the conditions of the Community legislation. However, where the customs debt was incurred before the date of accession, the recovery is done under the conditions, by and in favour of the new Member State concerned.

10. Articles 235 to 242 of Council Regulation and 877 to 912 of Commission Regulation regarding repayment and remission of duty:

The repayment and remission of duties are done under the conditions of the Community legislation. However, where the duties whose repayment or remission is requested relate to a customs debt which was incurred before the date of accession, the repayment and remission of duties are done under the conditions, by and at the expense of the new Member State concerned.

ANNEX VII

List provided for in Article 56 of the Act of Accession

>TABLE>

ANNEX VIII

Provisions referred to in Article 69 of the Act of Accession

1. 391 L 0173: Council Directive 91/173/EEC of 21 March 1991 (pentachlorophenol) amending for the ninth time Council Directive 76/769/EEC on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and preparations (OJ No L 85, 5.4.1991, p. 34).

2. 391 L 0338: Council Directive 91/338/EEC of 18 June 1991 (cadmium) amending for the tenth time Council Directive 76/769/EEC on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and preparations (OJ No L 186, 12.7.1991, p. 59).

Point 2.1 of the Annex to the Directive concerning the use of cadmium as stabilizer in PVC.

3. 389 L 0677: Council Directive 89/677/EEC of 21 December 1989 (mercury, arsenic and organostannic compounds) amending for the eighth time Council Directive 76/769/EEC on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and preparations (OJ No L 398, 30.12.1989, p. 19).

Insofar as the Directive concerns organostannic compounds.

4. 376 L 0116: Council Directive 76/116/EEC of 18 December 1975 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to fertilisers (OJ No L 24, 30.1.1976, p. 21), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/69/EEC of 23 July 1993 (OJ No L 185, 28.7.1993, p. 30).

Article 7, insofar as the cadmium content of fertilizers is concerned.

5. 385 L 0210: Council Directive 85/210/EEC of 20 March 1985 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States concerning the lead content of petrol (OJ No L 96, 3.4.1985, p. 25), as amended by Council Directive 87/416/EEC of 21 July 1987 (OJ No L 225, 13.8.1987, p. 33).

Article 7, with respect to the benzene content of petrol referred to in Article 4.

6. 393 L 0012: Council Directive 93/12/EEC of 23 March 1993 relating to the sulphur content of certain liquid fuels (OJ No L 74, 27.3.1993, p. 81).

Article 3, with respect to the sulphur content of gas oils referred to in Article 2(2), first subparagraph.

7. 391 L 0157: Council Directive 91/157/EEC of 18 March 1991 on batteries and accumulators containing certain dangerous substances (OJ No L 78, 26.3.1991, p. 38).

Article 9, with respect to the mercury content of alkaline manganese batteries referred to in Article 3 (1).

8. 367 L 0548: Council Directive 67/548/EEC of 27 June 1967 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances (OJ No L 196, 16.8.1967, p. 1).

(a) Article 30 in conjunction with Articles 4 and 5, with respect to the requirements for the classification of the 50 substances listed in Annex I to the Directive and shown in the attached Appendix, in that Austria may require the use of different classification and labelling for these substances

(b) Article 30 in conjunction with Articles 4 and 5, inasmuch as substances classified as 'very toxic`, 'toxic` and 'harmful` may, in addition to the provisions set out in the Directive, also be subject to specific registration procedures ('Österreichische Giftliste`)

(c) Article 30 in conjunction with Article 23 (2), in that Austria may require the use of:

(i) labels with additional symbols not included in Annex II of the Directive and S-phrases not included in Annex IV to the Directive, regarding the safe disposal of dangerous substances;

(ii) labels with additional S-phrases not included in Annex IV to the Directive, regarding counter-measures in case of accident;

(iii) labels with additional phrases not included in Annex III or Annex IV to the Directive, regarding restrictions on the sale of poisonous substances.

(d) For substances covered by points (a) and (c) above, the provisions of Article 23(2) of the Directive requiring the use of the words 'EEC label`.

9. 388 L 0379: Council Directive 88/379/EEC of 7 June 1988 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (OJ No L 187, 16.7.1988, p. 14), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/18/EEC of 5 April 1993 (OJ No L 104, 29.4.1993, p. 46).

(a) Article 13 in conjunction with Articles 3 and 7 with respect to preparations containing substances as defined in point 8(a) of this Annex;

(b) Article 13 in conjunction with Article 7 with respect to labelling requirements as listed in point 8 (c) (i), (ii) and (iii) above.

(c) Article 13 in conjunction with Article 7 (1) (c), for dangerous substances contained in dangerous preparations.

10. 378 L 0631: Council Directive 78/631/EEC of 26 June 1978 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (pesticides) (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1978, p. 13), as last amended by Council Directive 92/32/EEC of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 154, 5.6.1992, p. 1).

11. 391 L 0414: Council Directive 91/414/EEC of 15 July 1991 concerning the placing of plant protection products on the market (OJ No L 230, 19.8.1991, p. 1)

Articles 15 and 16 (f) in so far as these provisions on classification and labelling refer to Council Directive 78/631/EEC of 26 June 1978 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (pesticides) (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1978, p. 13), as last amended by Council Directive 92/32/EEC of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 154, 5.6.1992, p. 1).

Appendix

>TABLE>

ANNEX IX

List provided for in Article 71 (2) of the Act of Accession

>TABLE>

ANNEX X

Provisions referred to in Article 84 of the Act of Accession

1. 391 L 0173: Council Directive 91/173/EEC of 21 March 1991 (pentachlorophenol) amending for the ninth time Council Directive 76/769/EEC on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and preparations (OJ No L 85, 5.4.1991, p. 34).

2. 376 L 0116: Council Directive 76/116/EEC of 18 December 1975 on the the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to fertilisers (OJ No L 24, 30.1.1976 p. 21), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/69/EEC of 23 July 1993 (OJ No L 185, 28.7.1993, p. 30).

Article 7, insofar as the cadmium content of fertilizers is concerned.

3. 378 L 0631: Council Directive 78/631/EEC of 26 June 1978 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (pesticides) (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1978, p. 13), as last amended by Council Directive 92/32/EEC of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 154, 5.6.1992, p. 1).

4. 393 L 0012: Council Directive 93/12/EEC of 23 March 1993 relating to the sulphur content of certain liquid fuels (OJ No L 74, 27.3.1993, p. 81).

Article 3, with respect to the sulphur content of gas oils referred to in Article 2 (2).

5. 391 L 0414: Council Directive 91/414/EEC of 15 July 1991 concerning the placing of plant protection products on the market (OJ No L 230, 19.8.1991, p. 1)

Articles 15 and 16 (f) in so far as these provisions on classification and labelling refer to Council Directive 78/631/EEC of 26 June 1978 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (pesticides) (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1978, p. 13), as last amended by Council Directive 92/32/EEC of 30 April 1992 (OJ No L 154, 5.6.1992, p. 1)

ANNEX XI

List provided for in Article 99 of the Act of Accession

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

>TABLE>

ANNEX XII

Provisions referred to in Article 112 of the Act of Accession

1. 391 L 0173: Council Directive 91/173/EEC of 21 March 1991 (pentachlorophenol) amending for the ninth time Council Directive 76/769/EEC on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and preparations (OJ No L 85, 5.4.1991, p. 34).

2. 391 L 0338: Council Directive 91/338/EEC of 18 June 1991 (cadmium) amending for the tenth time Council Directive 76/769/EEC on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and preparations (OJ No L 186, 12.7.1991, p. 59).

Sweden shall, however, maintain throughout the transitional period, with regard to china and ceramic products, including ceramic tiles, the free circulation provided by the provision of its current 'ordinance` relating to exemptions from the ban on the use of cadmium for surface treatment or as a stabilizer or as a colouring agent.

3. 389 L 0677: Council Directive 89/677/EEC of 21 December 1989 (mercury, arsenic and organostanic compounds) amending for the eighth time Council Directive 76/769/EEC on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States relating to restrictions on the marketing and use of certain dangerous substances and preparations (OJ No L 398, 30.12.1989, p. 19).

Insofar as the Directive concerns arsenic and organostannic compounds.

4. 376 L 0116: Council Directive 76/116/EEC of 18 December 1975 on the the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to fertilisers (OJ No L 24, 30.1.1976, p. 21), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/69/EEC of 23 July 1993 (OJ No L 185, 28.7.1993, p. 30).

Article 7, insofar as the cadmium content of fertilizers is concerned.

5. 391 L 0157: Council 91/157/EEC of 18 March 1991 on batteries and accumulators containing certain dangerous substances (OJ No L 78, 26.3.1991, p. 38).

Article 9, with respect to the mercury content of alkaline manganese batteries referred to in Article 3 (1).

6. 367 L 0548: Council Directive 67/548/EEC of 27 June 1967 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous substances (OJ No L 196, 16.8.1967, p. 1), as last amended by Commission Directive 93/101/EEC of 11 November 1993 (OJ No L 13, 15.1.1994, p. 1).

(a) Article 30, in conjunction with Articles 4 and 5, with respect to:

(i) the requirements for the classification, labelling and/or specific concentration limits for the 58 substances or groups of substances listed in Annex I to the Directive and shown in the attached Appendix A, in that Sweden may require the use of different classification, labelling and/or specific concentration limits for these substances;

(ii) the criteria for classification and labelling of carcinogenic substances as given in section 4.2.1 of Annex VI to the Directive, in that Sweden may require manufacturers or importers to apply different criteria for classification, and different requirements for the application of certain R-phrases.

(b) Article 30 in conjunction with Articles 4 and 6, with respect to the requirements for the classification, labelling and/or specific concentration limits for the 9 substances or groups of substances not listed in Annex I to the Directive and shown in the attached Appendix B, in that Sweden may require the use of different classification, labelling and/or specific concentration limits for these substances.

(c) Article 30 in conjunction with Article 23 (2) (d), in that Sweden may require the use of additional R-phrases ('R-313, 320, 321, 322, 340`) not listed in Annex III to the Directive.

(d) For substances covered by points (a) and (c) above, the provisions of Article 23 (2) of the Directive requiring the use of the words 'EEC label` shall not apply.

7. 388 L 0379: Council Directive 88/379/EEC of 7 June 1988 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (OJ No L 187, 16.7.1988 p. 14), as last amended by Directive 93/18/EEC of 5 April 1993 (OJ No L 104, 29.4.1993, p. 46).

(a) Article 13 in conjunction with Articles 3 and 7 of the Directive with respect:

- to preparations containing substances as defined in points 6(a), 6(b) and 6(c) of this Annex

- and with respect to preparations classified as moderately harmful under the Swedish legislation.

(b) Article 3 (5) and Annex I, table V, as regards formaldehyde as sensitizer, concentration to be taken into consideration for preparations containing this substance.

Ad. 6 (a) and 7 (a)

During the transitional period mentioned in Article 112 of the Act of Accession, the Community shall review, according to Directives 67/548/EEC and 88/379/EEC, the classification of substances and preparations covered by these Directives and classified by Sweden on 1 January 1994 as 'moderately harmful`.

8. 378 L 0631: Council Directive 78/631/EEC of 26 June 1978 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to the classification, packaging and labelling of dangerous preparations (pesticides (OJ No L 206, 29.7.1978, p. 13, as last amended by Council Directive 92/32/EEC of 5 June 1992 (OJ No L 154, 5.6.1992, p. 1.).

Appendix A

>TABLE>

Appendix B

>TABLE>

ANNEX XIII

List provided for in Article 138(5) of the Act of Accession

NORWAY

1. Aid supplementary to the compensatory payments provided for in Article 8 (2) of Regulation (EEC) No 1766/92 and granted to producers of potatoes intended for the manufacture of starch within the limits of the volume of production existing before accession.

2. Aid for the production of specific varieties of certified seeds of a limited number of fodder species covered by Regulation (EEC) No 2358/71. This aid is granted per 100 kg, is limited to quantities produced before accession and, as far as certified seeds are concerned, is supplementary to the aid provided for in Regulation (EEC) No 2358/71.

It may in particular be granted for the following varieties of certified fodder crop seeds: Timothy, Red Clover, Meadow Fescue and Cocksfoot.

AUSTRIA

1. Aid supplementary to the compensatory payments provided for in Article 8 (2) of Regulation (EEC) No 1766/92 and granted to producers of potatoes intended for the manufacture of starch within the limits of the volume of production existing before accession.

2. Aid corresponding to the difference between the level of the suckler-cow premium existing before accession and the level provided for by Article 4d (7) of Regulation (EEC) No 805/68.

3. Aid supplementary to the aid for the production of hops provided for by Articles 12 and 12a of Regulation (EEC) No 1696/71 granted for four years after accession within the limits of the surface under hops, on average, for the three years preceding accession.

4. Aid granted for the three years following accession to certain growers of seeds of fodder crop species for certain quantities for which a premium equal to at least twice the amount of support granted by the Community had been granted in 1992 under the national regime.

5. Aid supplementary to the compensatory payments provided for by Regulation (EEC) No 1765/92 in favour of the production of high-protein products to the extent necessary in order to maintain the competitiveness of these products as compared with cereals and oilseeds.

FINLAND

1. Aid supplementary to the compensatory payments provided for in Article 8 (2) of Regulation (EEC) No 1766/92, granted to producers of potatoes intended for the manufacture of starch within the limits of the volume of production existing before accession.

2. Aid corresponding to the difference between the level of the suckler-cow premium existing prior to accession and the level provided for in Article 4d (7) of Regulation (EEC) No 805/68.

3. Aids in the live plant and floriculture product sector provided for in Regulation (EEC) No 234/68 which:

- do not give rise to any increase in production existing prior to accession;

- are granted within individual limits to be determined in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 14 of Regulation (EEC) No 234/68.

4. Aid supplementary to that provided for in Article 5 of Regulation (EEC) No 1117/78 granted for the two marketing years following accession to producers of dried fodder in traditional areas of production.

5. Aid for the production of certain varieties of certified or commercial seeds of a limited number of fodder species covered by Regulation (EEC) No 2358/71. This aid is granted per 100 kg, is limited to quantities produced before accession and, as far as certified or basic seeds are concerned, is supplementary to the aid provided for in Regulation (EEC) No 2385/71.

It can in particular be granted for the following varieties of fodder crop seeds: Timothy, Red Clover, Meadow Fescue and Cocksfoot.

ANNEX XIV

List provided for in Article 140 of the Act of Accession

NORWAY

1. Aid supplementary to that provided for in Article 138 in the regions traditionally growing spring wheat for milling.

2. Aids to investment in the pig, egg and poultry sectors, excluded pursuant to Article 6 (4), first subparagraph, and Article 6 (6) of Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91, but complying with the other provisions of that Regulation. Such aids:

- may not give rise to any increase in overall production capacities;

- shall be granted within individual production limits to be determined in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 29 of Regulation (EEC) No 4253/88.

3. Aids, supplementary to those provided for in Article 12 (2) of Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91, granted for investment in the production of fruit and vegetables subject to Regulation (EEC) No 1035/72 and of live plants and floriculture products subject to Regulation (EEC) No 234/68.

Such aids:

- may not give rise to any increase in overall production capacities;

- shall be granted within individual production limits to be determined in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 29 of Regulation (EEC) No 4253/88.

AUSTRIA

1. Aid supplementary to that provided for in Article 138 granted to producers of maize for the starch industry within the limit of the production volume existing prior to accession.

2. Aid to producers setting aside land under Regulation (EEC) No 1765/92, granted per hectare in addition to the aid provided for in Article 138.

3. Aids for the breeding of young bovine animals.

4. Aids, supplementary to that provided for in Article 138, for producers supplying quality milk for the production of 'Bergkäse` cheese within the limit of the production volume corresponding to that existing before accession.

5. Aids to investment in the pig, egg and poultry sectors, excluded pursuant to Article 6 (4), first subparagraph, and Article 6 (6) of Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91, but complying with the other provisions of that Regulation. Such aids:

- may not give rise to any increase in overall production capacities;

- shall be granted within individual production limits to be determined in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 29 of Regulation (EEC) No 4253/88.

6. Aids to investment carried out by part-time farmers as defined in Austrian legislation, granted in excess of the ceiling set in Article 12 (2) and (3) of Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91, but complying with the limits laid down in Article 7 of this Regulation. Granting of such aids may be authorized for the three years following accession.

FINLAND

1. Aid supplementary to that provided for in Article 138 granted in regions traditionally producing breadmaking wheat, breadmaking rye and malting barley.

2. Aids to investment in the pig, egg and poultry sectors, excluded pursuant to Article 6 (4), first subparagraph, and Article 6 (6) of Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91, but complying with the other provisions of that Regulation. Such aids:

- may not give rise to any increase in overall production capacities;

- shall be granted within individual production limits to be determined in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 29 of Regulation (EEC) No 4253/88.

3. Aids, supplementary to those provided for in Article 12 (2) of Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91, granted for investment in the production of horticultural products subject to Regulation (EEC) No 1035/72 and of live plants and floriculture products subject to Regulation (EEC) No 234/68. Such aids:

- may not give rise to any increase in overall production capacities;

- shall be granted within individual production limits to be determined in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 29 of Regulation (EEC) No 4253/88.

ANNEX XV

List provided for in Article 151 of the Act of Accession

I. FREE MOVEMENT OF GOODS

1. 370 L 0220: Council Directive 70/220/EEC of 20 March 1970 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to measures to be taken against air pollution by emissions from motor vehicles (OJ No L 76, 6.4.1970, p. 17), as amended by:

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 374 L 0290: Council Directive 74/290/EEC of 28 May 1974 (OJ No L 159, 15.6.1974, p. 61),

- 377 L 0102: Commission Directive 77/102/EEC of 30 November 1976 (OJ No L 32, 3.2.1977, p. 32),

- 378 L 0665: Commission Directive 78/665/EEC of 14 July 1978 (OJ No L 223, 14.8.1978, p. 48),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession to the European Communities of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 383 L 0351: Council Directive 83/351/EEC of 16 June 1983 (OJ No L 197, 20.7.1983, p. 1),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 388 L 0076: Council Directive 88/76/EEC of 3 December 1987 (OJ No L 36, 9.2.1988, p. 1),

- 388 L 0436: Council Directive 88/436/EEC of 16 June 1988 (OJ No L 214, 6.8.1988, p. 36), as corrected by OJ No L 303, 8.11.1988, p. 36,

- 389 L 0458: Council Directive 89/458/EEC of 18 July 1989 (OJ No L 226, 3.8.1989, p. 1),

- 389 L 0491: Commission Directive 89/491/EEC of 17 July 1989 (OJ No L 238, 15.8.1989, p. 43),

- 391 L 0441: Council Directive 91/441/EEC of 26 June 1991 (OJ No L 242, 30.8.1991, p. 1),

- 393 L 0059: Council Directive 93/59/EEC of 28 June 1993 (OJ No L 186, 28. 7.1993, p. 21).

The Republic of Austria may maintain within the framework of its national type-approval procedures, its own regulations relating to emissions from light commercial vehicles equipped with direct injection diesel engines until 1 October 1995, but shall allow free circulation according to the 'acquis communautaire` from 1 January 1995. The Republic of Austria may grant EC type-approval according to Directive 93/59/EEC only from the date on which it applies in full the Directive in question.

2. 375 L 0106: Council Directive 75/106/EEC of 19 December 1974 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the making-up by volume of certain prepackaged liquids (OJ No L 42, 15.2.1975, p. 1), as amended by:

- 378 L 0891: Commission Directive 78/891/EEC of 28 September 1978 (OJ No L 311, 4.11.1978, p. 21),

- 379 L 1005: Council Directive 79/1005/EEC of 23 November 1979 (OJ No L 308, 4.12.1979, p. 25),

- 385 L 0010: Council Directive 85/10/EEC of 18 December 1984 (OJ No L 4, 5.1.1985, p. 20),

- 388 L 0316: Council Directive 88/316/EEC of 7 June 1988 (OJ No L 143, 10.6.1988, p. 26),

- 389 L 0676: Council Directive 89/676/EEC of 21 December 1989 (OJ No L 398, 30.12.1989, p. 18).

In Norway the products listed in Annex III (1) (a), when contained in returnable packages, may, until 31 December 1996, be marketed in volumes of 0.35 and 0.7 litres. From the date of accession the Kingdom of Norway shall continue to ensure free circulation of products marketed according to the requirements of Directive 75/106/EEC, as last amended.

3. 377 L 0541: Council Directive 77/541/EEC of 28 June 1977 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to safety belts and restraint systems of motor vehicles (OJ No L 220, 29.8.1977, p. 95), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 381 L 0576: Council Directive 81/576/EEC of 20 July 1981 (OJ No L 209, 29.7.1981, p. 32),

- 382 L 0319: Commission Directive 82/319/EEC of 2 April 1982 (OJ No L 139, 19.5.1982, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 387 L 0354: Council Directive 87/354/EEC of 25 June 1987 (OJ No L 192, 11.7.1987, p. 43),

- 390 L 0628: Commission Directive 90/628/EEC of 30 October 1990 (OJ No L 341, 6.12.1990, p. 1).

The Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden may refuse, within the framework of their national type-approval procedures, the placing on the market of vehicles of category M1, M2 and M3 whose safety belts or restraint systems do not satisfy the requirements of Directive 77/541/EEC as last amended by Directive 90/628/EEC until 1 July 1997, but shall not refuse the placing on the market of vehicles which do respect these requirements. The Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Norway may grant EC type-approval according to Directive 90/628/EEC only from the date on which they apply in full the Directive in question. The Kingdom of Sweden may grant EC-type approval according to these Directives only for vehicles which fulfill the mandatory requirements of Directive 77/541/EEC as amended by Directive 90/628/EEC.

4. 388 L 0077: Council Directive 88/77/EEC of 3 December 1987 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the measures to be taken against the emission of gaseous and particulate pollutants from diesel engines for use in vehicles (OJ No L 36, 9.2.1988, p.33), as amended by:

- 391 L 0542: Council Directive 91/542/EEC of 1 October 1991 (OJ No L 295, 25.10.1991, p. 1).

The Kingdom of Sweden may maintain within the framework of its national-type approval procedures, its own regulation relating to emissions from diesel engines of less than 85 kW, until 1 October 1996, but shall allow free circulation according to the 'acquis communautaire` from 1 January 1995. The Kingdom of Sweden may grant EC type-approval according to Directive 91/542/EEC only from the date on which it applies in full the Directive in question.

II. FREE MOVEMENT OF PERSONS, SERVICES AND CAPITAL

1. 378 L 0686: Council Directive 78/686/EEC of 25 July 1978 concerning the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of the formal qualifications of practitioners of dentistry, including measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment and freedom to provide services (OJ No L 233, 24.8.1978, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 381 L 1057: Council Directive 81/1057/EEC of 14 December 1981 (OJ No L 385, 31.12.1981, p. 25),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0594: Council Directive 89/594/EEC of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 341, 23.11.1989, p. 19),

- 390 L 0658: Council Directive 90/658/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 73).

Until such time as the training of dental practitioners in Austria under the conditions laid down pursuant to Directive 78/687/EEC is completed or until 31 December 1998 at the latest, freedom of establishment and freedom to provide services shall be deferred for qualified dental practitioners from the other Member States in Austria and for qualified Austrian doctors practising dentistry in the other Member States. During the temporary derogation provided for above, general or special facilities concerning the right of establishment and the freedom to provide services which would exist pursuant to Austrian provisions or Conventions governing relations between the Republic of Austria and any other Member State shall be maintained and applied on a non-discriminatory basis with regard to all other Member States.

2. 392 L 0096: Council Directive 92/96/EEC of 10 November 1992 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to direct life assurance and amending Directives 79/267/EEC and 90/619/EEC (third life assurance Directive) (OJ No L 360, 9.12.1992, p. 1)

(a) The Kingdom of Sweden may operate a transitional arrangement up to 1 January 2000 for complying with Article 22 (1) (b) of Directive 92/96/EEC, it being understood that the Swedish authorities shall submit, by 1 July 1994, for approval by the Commission, a schedule of the measures to be adopted to have the exposures exceeding the limits of Article 22 (1) (b) brought within the limits laid down by the Directive;

(b) No later than the date of Swedish accession and on 31 December 1997 the Swedish authorities shall present progress reports to the Commission on the measures taken to comply with the Directive. The Commission shall on the basis of these reports review these measures. In the light of developments, these measures shall, if appropriate, be adapted with a view to accelerating the process of reduction of the exposures. The Swedish authorities shall require the life-assurance companies concerned to initiate immediately the process of reduction of the relevant exposures. The companies concerned will at no time increase these exposures, unless they are already within the limits prescribed by the Directive and any such increase does not lead them to exceed those limits. The Swedish authorities shall submit by the end of the transitional period a final report on the results of the above measures.

III. TRANSPORT POLICY

391 L 0439: Council Directive 91/439/EEC of 29 July 1991 on driving licences (OJ No L 237, 24.8.1991, p. 1).

The Kingdom of Norway may continue to issue its present driving licence model in derogation from Article 1 (1) until 31 December 1997. At the end of that period the Kingdom of Norway shall apply the 'acquis communautaire` existing at that time regarding driving licences.

IV. STATISTICS

1. 372 L 0211: Council Directive 72/211/EEC of 30 May 1972 concerning coordinated statistics on the business cycle in industry and small craft industries (OJ No L 128, 3.6.1972, p. 28), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

The Republic of Finland may postpone the collection of the data required by this Directive until 1 January 1997.

However, monthly data on the industrial production index shall be provided with effect from the date of accession.

2. 390 R 3037: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3037/90 of 9 October 1990 on the statistical classification of economic activities in the European Community (OJ No L 293, 24.10.1990, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 R 0761: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 761/93 of 24 March 1993 (OJ No L 83, 3.4.1993, p. 1).

The Republic of Finland may postpone application of this Regulation until 1 January 1997.

However, with effect from the date of accession, the Republic of Finland shall draw up a timetable showing clearly the deadlines in the different domains (national accounts, input-output, regular enquiries, etc.) and endeavour to transmit data in a form adapted to 'NACE Rev. 1`.

3. 391 D 3731: Commission Decision No 3731/91/ECSC of 18 October 1991 amending the questionnaires of the Annex to Decisions No 1566/86/ECSC, No 4104/88/ ECSC and No 3938/89/ECSC (OJ No L 359, 30.12.1991, p. 1).

The Republic of Finland may postpone the collection of data included in questionnaire 2-73 'Deliveries of steel on the national market by product and by consumer activity` in the Annex to this Decision until 1 January 1996.

4. 391 R 3924: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3924/91 of 19 December 1991 on the establishment of a Community survey of industrial production (OJ No L 374, 31.12.1991, p. 1).

The Republic of Finland may postpone application of this Regulation until 1 January 1997.

However, with effect from the date of accession, the Republic of Finland shall draw up a timetable showing clearly the deadlines in the different domains (national accounts, input-output, regular enquiries, etc.) and endeavour to transmit data in a form adapted to 'NACE Rev. 1`.

5. 393 R 0696: Council Regulation (EEC) No 696/93 of 15 March 1993 on the statistical units for the observation and analysis of the production system in the Community (OJ No L 76, 30.3.1993, p. 1).

For the Republic of Austria, the transitional period established in Article 4 (1) shall extend until 31 December 1996.

6. 393 R 2186: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2186/93 of 22 July 1993 on Community coordination in drawing up business registers for statistical purposes (OJ No L 196, 5.8.1993, p. 1).

The Republic of Austria may postpone the application of this Regulation until 31 December 1996.

However, industrial statistical surveys shall be carried out with effect from the date of accession.

V. SOCIAL POLICY

376 L 0207: Council Directive 76/207/EEC of 9 February 1976 on the implementation of the principle of equal treatment for men and women as regards access to employment, vocational training and promotion, and working conditions (OJ No L 39 of 14.2.1976, p. 40):

Article 5 of this Directive shall not apply to Austria in respect of night work for women until 2001.

Before 31 December 1997 the Council shall, after receiving a report from the Commission on the development of the social and legal situation, examine the results of this derogation, in the light of Community law requirements.

VI. ENVIRONMENT

1. 375 L 0716: Council Directive 75/716/EEC of 24 November 1975 on the approximation of the laws of the Member States relating to the sulphur content of certain liquid fuels (OJ No L 307, 27.11.1975, p. 22), as amended by:

- 387 L 0219: Council Directive 87/219/EEC of 30 March 1987 (OJ No L 91, 3.4.1987, p. 19),

- 390 L 0660: Council Directive 90/660/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 79),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48),

- 393 L 0012: Council Directive 93/12/EEC of 23 March 1993 (OJ No L 74, 27.3.1993, p. 81).

(a) The Republic of Austria may maintain its national legislation concerning the sulphur content of diesel fuels in derogation from Article 2 (1) until 1 October 1996.

(b) The Republic of Finland may maintain its national legislation concerning the sulphur content of diesel fuels in derogation from Article 2 (1) until 1 October 1996.

2. 390 L 0641: Council Directive 90/641/Euratom of 4 December 1990 on the operational protection of outside workers exposed to the risk of ionizing radiation during their activities in controlled areas (OJ No L 349, 13.12.1990, p. 21)

The Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden shall apply the provisions in Articles 2, 3, 5 and 6 (e) which refer to Council Directive 80/836/Euratom of 15 July 1980 amending the Directives laying down the basic safety standards for the health protection of the general public and workers against the dangers of ionizing radiation, from 1 January 1997.

3. 390 R 0737: Council Regulation (EEC) No 737/90 of 22 March 1990 on the conditions governing imports of agricultural products originating in third countries following the accident at the Chernobyl nuclear power station (OJ No L 82, 29.3.1990, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 R 1518: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1518/93 of 21 June 1993 (OJ No L 150, 22.6.1993, p. 30).

The Republic of Austria may maintain its corresponding national legislation until 31 March 1995.

4. 392 L 0112: Council Directive 92/112/EEC of 15 December 1992 on procedures for harmonizing the programmes for the reduction and eventual elimination of pollution caused by waste from the titanium dioxide industry (OJ No L 409, 31.12.1992, p. 11)

The Kingdom of Norway shall implement the provisions of Article 9 (1) (a) (ii) relating to the reduction of discharges of waste into the atmosphere as from 1 January 1997. The Kingdom of Norway shall submit for evaluation to the Commission an effective programme for reduction of SO2 emissions, including a presentation of the investment plan and the chosen technological options as well as an environmental impact assessment study in case of seawater in the treatment process, at the latest on the date of entry into force of Article 9 (1) (a) (ii) (1 January 1995).

5. 393 R 0259: Council Regulation (EEC) No 259/93 of 1 February 1993 on the supervision and control of shipment of waste within, into and out of the European Community (OJ No L 30, 6.2.1993, p. 1).

The Republic of Austria may maintain, until 31 December 1996, its national legislation on the import, export and transit of waste.

VII. AGRICULTURE

A. GENERAL PROVISIONS

I. FADN

365 R 0079: Council Regulation No 79/65/EEC of 15 June 1965 setting up a network for the collection of accountancy data on the incomes and business operation of agricultural holdings in the European Economic Community (OJ No 109, 23.6.1965, p. 1859), as last amended by:

- 390 R 3577: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3577/90 of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 23).

Norway, Finland and Sweden shall comply with the nature of accounting data and the types of holdings required pursuant to Regulation (EEC) No 79/65/EEC by 31 December 1997 at the latest.

II. Integrated control

392 R 3508: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3508/92 of 27 November 1992 establishing an integrated administration and control system for certain Community aid schemes (OJ No L 355, 5.12.1992, p. 1), as amended by:

- 394 R 0165: Council Regulation (EC) No 165/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 24, 29.1.1994, p. 6).

By way of derogation from Article 13 of Regulation (EEC) No 3508/92, the integrated system shall apply in the new Member States:

- from 1 March 1995 as regards aid applications and the integrated control system referred to in Article 7 of Regulation (EEC) No 3508/92,

- from 1 January 1997 at the latest with respect to the other matters referred to in Article 2 of Regulation (EEC) No 3508/92.

The new Member States shall adopt all administrative, budgetary and technical means necessary to ensure that the respective elements of the integrated system are operational as from those dates. However, insofar as one or more of the elements of the integrated system become operational before those dates, they may make use of them for management and control activities.

In accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 13 of Regulation (EEC) No 729/70, the Commission may adopt detailed rules for applying this provision, and in particular transitional measures for the start-up period of the system in the new Member States.

B. ORGANIZATION OF THE MARKETS

I. Milk and milk products

371 R 1411: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1411/71 of 29 June 1971 laying down additional rules on the common market organization in milk and milk products for drinking milk (OJ No L 148, 3.7.1971, p. 4), as last amended by:

- 392 R 2138: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2138/92 of 23 July 1992 (OJ No L 214, 30.7.1992, p. 6).

By way of derogation from Article 3 (1) (b) of Regulation (EEC) No 1411/71 the requirements relating to minimum fat content shall not apply to milk for human consumption produced in Finland, Norway and Sweden for a period of three years from the date of accession. Milk for human consumption which does not comply with the requirements relating to minimum fat content may be marketed only in the country of production or exported to a third country. During the said period the classification of milk for human consumption laid down in the Regulation shall be reviewed.

II. Beef and veal

368 R 0805: Council Regulation (EEC) No 805/68 of 27 June 1968 on the common organization of the market in beef and veal (OJ No L 148, 27.6.1968, p. 24), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3611: Regulation (EC) No 3611/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 328, 29.12.1993, p. 7).

By way of derogation from Article 9 (1), for products falling under tariff heading 1602 50 of the Common Customs Tariff, Austria may, during the transitional period, progressively align its customs duties on imports from third countries on the customs duties applying under the CCT.

The alignment shall be carried out at the beginning of each of the five years from the date of accession. It shall respectively equal at least a sixth, a fifth, a quarter, a third, and a half of the difference between the duties.

The customs duties resulting from application of the CCT shall be applied as from the year 2000.

III. Fruit and vegetables

372 R 1035: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1035/72 of 18 May 1972 on the common organization of the market in fruit and vegetables (OJ No L 118, 20.5.1972, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3669: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3669/93 of 20 December 1993 (OJ No L 338, 31.12.1993, p. 26).

By way of derogation from Article 2 of Regulation (EEC) No 1035/72, the application of common quality standards shall be undertaken in accordance with conditions to be determined following the procedure laid down in Article 33 of the Regulation, during a period of:

- three years with respect to Austrian products and two years with respect to Finnish products. During these periods, these products, without prejudice of the provisions adopted pursuant to Article 12 (1), second subparagraph, can be marketed only in the national market;

- two years with respect to carrots produced in Sweden. During this period, these products can be exported towards third countries.

IV. Wine and spirit drinks

1. 389 R 1576: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1576/89 of 29 May 1989 laying down general rules on the definition, description and presentation of spirit drinks (OJ No L 160, 12.6.1989, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 R 3280: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3280/92 of 9 November 1992 (OJ No L 327, 13.11.1992, p. 3).

By way of derogation from the provisions of Regulation (EEC) No 1576/89:

- spirit drinks prepared in Austria before accession and those prepared between 1 January 1995 and 31 December 1995, in accordance with national legislation in force, may be marketed in the Community until 31 December 1996, in a presentation that is in conformity with national provisions. Products still held at the retail stage on the latter date may be disposed of until stocks are exhausted;

- the use of the appellation 'Inländerrum` shall be authorized until 31 December 1998 for products originating in Austria, insofar as the presentation of the product conforms to the Community rules regarding designation and presentation of spirit drinks, the ingredients are clearly mentioned on the front label of the bottle and that label states unambiguously that the product does not contain rum.

2. 389 R 2392: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2392/89 of 24 July 1989 laying down general rules for the description and presentation of wines and grape musts (OJ No L 232, 9.8.1989, p. 13), as last amended by:

- 391 R 3897: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3897/91 of 16 December 1991 (OJ No L 368, 31.12.1991, p. 5).

392 R 2333: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2333/92 of 13 July 1992 laying down general rules for the description and presentation of sparkling wines and aerated sparkling wines (OJ No L 231, 13.8.1992, p. 9).

1. By way of derogation from Regulations (EEC) No 2392/89 and (EEC) No 2333/92:

- wines and sparkling wines, aerated sparkling wines and grape musts present in the territory of Austria which have been designated and presented in accordance with Austrian provisions in force before 1 March 1995 may be marketed until stocks are exhausted;

- labels printed before 1 March 1995 containing information in conformity with Austrian provisions on that date, but not in conformity with Community provisions may be used until 1 March 1996.

Detailed implementing rules shall be adopted, as necessary, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 83 of Regulation (EEC) No 822/87.

2. By way of derogation from Article 6 (6) (a) of Regulation (EEC) No 2333/92, the trade mark 'Winzersekt`, which was registered in Austria before 1 March 1994, may be used in Austria until 31 December 1999 for sparkling wines produced in Austria in conformity with the provisions fixed pursuant to the said Article 6 for 'Winzersekt`.

Detailed implementing rules shall be adopted, as necessary, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 83 of Regulation (EEC) No 822/87.

3. 391 R 1601: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1601/91 of 10 June 1991 laying down general rules on the definition, description and presentation of aromatized wines, aromatized wine-based drinks and aromatized wine-product cocktails (OJ No L 149, 14.6.1991, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 R 3279: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3279/92 of 9 November 1992 (OJ No L 327, 13.11.1992, p. 1).

By way of derogation from Article 6, during the first year following its accession Norway may produce 'vermut` in conformity with the rules in force before accession.

Products resulting from such production may be marketed on the Norwegian market until 31 December 1996 at the latest.

4. 392 R 2332: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2332/92 of 13 July 1992 on sparkling wines produced in the Community (OJ No L 231, 13.8.1992, p. 1), as amended by:

- 393 R 1568: Regulation (EEC) No 1568/93 of 14 June 1993 (OJ No L 154, 25.6.1993, p. 42).

1. By way of derogation from Article 17 (1) and (2) of Regulation (EEC) No 2332/92, until 31 December 1997 the minimum duration of the process of making quality sparkling wines, except for quality sparkling wines psr, produced in Austria according to the closed tank method, shall be fixed as follows:

(a) as regards the period of ageing in the undertaking where they are made and reckoned from the start of the fermentation process designed to make the cuvée sparkling:

>TABLE>

(b) as regards the duration of the fermentation process designed to make the cuvée sparkling and the duration of the presence of the cuvée on the lees:

>TABLE>

2. Quality sparkling wines which have been the subject of the derogations referred to in paragraph 1 may be marketed only in Austria under the appellation 'quality sparkling wines` or 'Sekt`.

3. Detailed implementing rules shall be adopted, as necessary, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 83 of Regulation (EEC) No 822/87.

C. ARABLE CROPS

392 R 1765: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1765/92 of 30 June 1992 establishing a support system for producers of certain arable crops (OJ No L 181, 1.7.1992, p. 12), as last amended by:

- 394 R 0231: Council Regulation (EC) No 231/94 of 24 January 1994 (OJ No L 30, 3.2.1994, p. 7).

1. By way of derogation from Article 7 (6), producers in Sweden who, pursuant to a national set-aside scheme, have set aside a greater area of land than that on which they intend to grow eligible arable crops, and who have not recommenced the growing of crops on that land, may, on the cessation of their participation in the national scheme, continue to set aside land which they had already set aside under such scheme for a further period of 60 months. Payment of the set-aside shall then be established at the rate referred to in Article 7 (6) for the portion exceeding that under arable crops for which compensatory payment is requested.

2. Until the marketing year 1999/2000 Austria may, subject to prior authorization by the Commission make a payment, equal to that payable before accession, to small producers, as defined in Article 8 (2), who continue to set-aside an area of land equal to that for which they received payment under a national scheme at 1 January 1994. The cost of such payment shall be borne by Austria.

D. STRUCTURES

1. 390 R 0866: Council Regulation (EEC) No 866/90 of 29 March 1990 on improving the processing and marketing conditions for agricultural products (OJ No L 91, 6.4.1990, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3669: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3669/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 338, 31.12.1993, p. 26).

When applying Article 16 (5), the Commission:

- may authorize Norway to grant, for the 3 years which follow its accession, national aids to investments in any sector of products falling within Annex II of the EC Treaty and in need of being restructured, on condition that the production capacity of the said sector is not increased.

- will implement these provisions with respect to Austria and Finland in accordance with the declaration No 31 set out in the Final Act.

However, the Commission authorization may be granted only if adequate participation of those eligible for the financing of the investments concerned is assured.

2. 391 R 2328: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91 of 15 July 1991 on improving the efficiency of agricultural structures (OJ No L 218, 6.8.1991, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3669: Council Regulation (EC) No 3669/93 of 22 December 1993 (OJ No L 338, 31.12.1993, p. 26).

By way of derogation:

(a) from Article 5 (1) (c), the aids provided for by this Regulation may be granted in Norway and Sweden until 31 December 1999 in favour of agri-forestry holdings of a family nature, on condition that the agricultural surface area of the holding is not less than 15 hectares and the aids concern only agricultural activities. The maximum size of an agri-forestry holding of a family nature shall be determined by the Commission, pursuant to the procedure provided for in Article 29 of Regulation (EEC) No 4253/88;

(b) from the limits provided for in the first subparagraph of Article 12 (2), Finland and Norway, in accordance with Articles 92 to 94 of the EC Treaty, may:

- grant, until 31 December 2001, a national aid for investments provided for in Article 5 to agricultural holdings the working income of which exceeds the reference income, referred to by the same provision;

- grant until 31 December 2001, a national aid in favour of holdings in financial difficulties;

(c) from Article 35, the Republic of Austria may, subject to authorization by the Commission, continue to grant, until 31 December 2004, to small producers which were entitled thereto in 1993 by virtue of national legislation, national aid to the extent that the compensatory allowance referred to in Articles 17 to 19 is not sufficient to compensate permanent natural handicaps. The aid granted in total to these producers must not exceed the amounts granted in Austria in the aforementioned year.

Before 30 June 1999 and 2004, the Commission shall present the Council with a report on the application of this measure, together with, where appropriate, a proposal. The Council shall decide on this proposal in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 43 (2) of the EC Treaty;

(d) from Article 5 (1) (d), the Republic of Austria may exempt, until 31 December 1999, producers from the obligation laid down in that provision.

E. ANIMAL NUTRITION

1. 370 L 0524: Council Directive 70/524/EEC of 23 November 1970 concerning additives in feedingstuffs (OJ No L 270, 14.12.1970, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0114: Council Directive 93/114/EC of 14 December 1993 (OJ No L 334, 31.12.1993, p. 24).

1. The Republic of Austria may maintain its legislation in force before accession with regard to the marketing and utilization of additives belonging to the groups of enzymes and micro-organisms, subject to compliance with the following conditions.

The Republic of Austria must forward to the Commission, before 1 November 1994:

- the list of the enzymes, micro-organisms or preparations thereof which are authorized on its territory, in accordance with the model appearing in Annex II to Council Directive 93/113/EC, and

- an identification sheet established for each additive by the person responsible for the entry into free circulation, in accordance with the model appearing in Annex II to Council Directive 93/113/EC.

Before 1 January 1997, a decision shall be taken, in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 7 of Directive 70/524/EEC, on the dossiers presented by the Republic of Austria with a view to authorizing the additives concerned.

Until a Community decision is taken, the Republic of Austria shall not impede the circulation of products, coming from the Union, which appear on national lists established in accordance with Article 3 of Directive 93/113/EC, to the extent that these same additives will also appear on the list which Austria will have forwarded in accordance with the second indent above. This provision shall apply by analogy to premixtures and feedingstuffs containing the additives concerned.

2. Until 31 December 1997, the Republic of Finland may maintain its legislation in force before accession prohibiting the use in feedingstuffs of the following additives:

- avoparcin - for dairy cows,

- tylosine phosphate,

- spiramycin and

- antibiotics having a similar effect.

Before 31 December 1997, a decision shall be taken in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 7 of Directive 70/524/EEC, on the requests for adaptation presented by the Republic of Finland; these requests shall be accompanied, for each of the abovementioned additives, by a detailed scientific statement of reasons.

This derogation may not have any effect on the free movement of animal products of the Community.

3. The Kingdom of Norway may maintain its legislation in force before accession:

- Until 31 December 1998 with regard to the restriction on, or prohibition of, the use in feedingstuffs of additives belonging to the groups of:

- antibiotics,

- chemotherapeutics,

- coccidiostats,

- growth promoters.

- Until 31 December 1997, with regard to the restriction on, or prohibition of, the use in feedingstuffs of:

- copper,

- formic acid, hydrochloric acid and sulphuric acid for the conservation of fodder plants and cereals.

Before the abovementioned dates, a decision shall be taken, in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 7 of Directive 70/524/EEC, on the requests for adaptation presented by the Kingdom of Norway; these requests shall be accompanied by a detailed scientific statement of reasons.

These derogations may not have any effect on the free movement of animal products of the Community.

4. The Kingdom of Sweden may maintain its legislation in force before accession:

- Until 31 December 1998 with regard to the restriction on, or prohibition of, the use in feedingstuffs of additives belonging to the groups of:

- antibiotics,

- chemotherapeutics,

- coccidiostats,

- growth promoters.

- Until 31 December 1997, with regard to the restriction on, or prohibition of, the use in feedingstuffs of:

- additives belonging to the groups of carotenoids and xanthophylls,

- copper,

- formic acid

- formic acid combined with ethoxyquin.

Before the abovementioned dates, a decision shall be taken in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 7 of Directive 70/524/EEC on requests for adaptation presented by the Kingdom of Sweden; those requests shall be accompanied by a detailed scientific statement of reasons.

Those derogations may not have any effect on the free movement of animal products of the Community.

2. 374 L 0063: Council Directive 74/63/EEC of 17 December 1973 on undesirable substances and products in animal nutrition (OJ No L 38, 11.2.1974, p. 31), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0074: Council Directive 93/74/EEC of 13 September 1993 (OJ No L 237, 22.9.93, p. 23).

1. The Kingdom of Norway may maintain until 31 December 1997 its legislation in force prior to accession limiting the presence of aflotoxin B1, ochratoxin A and other mycotoxins to certain levels.

Before 31 December 1997, a decision shall be taken, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 6 of Directive 74/63/EEC, on the requests for adaptation presented by the Kingdom of Norway; the requests shall be accompanied, for each undesirable substance or product, by a detailed scientific statement of reasons.

The present derogation may not have any effect on the free movement of animal products coming from the Community.

2. the Kingdom of Sweden may maintain until 31 December 1997 its legislation in force before accession limiting the presence of aflatoxin B1, ochratoxin A, lead and PCB to certain levels.

Before 31 December 1997, a decision shall be taken, in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 6 of Directive 74/63/EC, on the requests for adaptation presented by the Kingdom of Sweden; the requests shall be accompanied, for each undesirable substance or product, by a detailed scientific statement of reasons.

The present derogation may not have any effect on the free movement of animal products coming from the Community.

3. 377 L 0101: Council Directive 77/101/EEC of 23 November 1976 on the marketing of straight feedingstuffs (OJ No L 32, 3.2.1977, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 390 L 0654: Council Directive 90/654/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 48).

The Kingdom of Sweden may maintain until 31 December 1997 its legislation in force prior to accession prohibiting the use of feedingstuffs manufactured from animals which have died of natural causes or coming from parts of carcases of slaughtered animals presenting pathological modifications.

Before 31 December 1997, a decision shall be taken in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 10 of Directive 77/101/EEC on the request for adaptation presented by the Kingdom of Sweden; the request shall be accompanied by a detailed scientific statement of reasons.

This derogation may not have any effect on the free movement of the animal products of the Community.

4. 379 L 0373: Council Directive 79/373/EEC of 2 April 1979 on the marketing of compound feedingstuffs (OJ No L 86, 6.4.1979, p. 30), as last amended by:

- 393 L 0074: Council Directive 93/74/EEC of 13 September 1993 (OJ No L 237, 22.9.1993, p. 23).

The Kingdom of Sweden may maintain until 31 December 1997 its legislation in force prior to accession making it compulsory to state the phosphorus content on the labelling of compound feedingstuffs intended for fish.

Before 31 December 1997, a decision shall be taken in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 10 of Directive 79/373/EEC on the request for adaptation presented by the Kingdom of Sweden; the request shall be accompanied by a detailed scientific statement of reasons.

F. SEEDS AND SEEDLINGS

1. 366 L 0401: Council Directive 66/401/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of fodder plant seed (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2298/66).

The Republic of Finland shall be allowed to maintain until 31 December 1996 at the latest its national scheme of seed production relating to the marketing in its territory of seed of the category 'commercial seed` ('Kauppasiemen`/'handelsutsäde`) as defined in the existing Finnish legislation.

Such seed shall not be introduced into the territory of other Member States.

The Republic of Finland shall adapt its legislation in this respect to comply with the relevant provisions of the Directive by the date of expiry of the above period.

However, the Republic of Finland shall apply from accession those provisions of the Directive which ensure access for material complying with the Directive to marketing in its territory.

2. 366 L 0402: Council Directive 66/402/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of cereal seed (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2309/66).

The Republic of Finland shall be allowed to maintain its national scheme of seed production relating to the marketing, until 31 December 1996 at the latest, in its territory of

- seed which does not meet the requirements of the Directive in respect of the maximum number of generations of seed of the category 'certified seed` ('Valiosiemen`/'elitutsäde`) and

- seed of the category 'commercial seed` ('Kauppasiemen`/'handelsutsäde`) as defined in the existing Finnish legislation.

Such seed shall not be introduced into the territory of other Member States. The Republic of Finland shall adapt its legislation in this respect to comply with the relevant provisions of the Directive by the date of expiry of the above period.

However, the Republic of Finland shall apply from the date of accession those provisions of the Directive which ensure access for material complying with the Directive to marketing in its territory.

3. 366 L 0403: Council Directive 66/403/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of seed potatoes (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2320/66).

The Kingdom of Sweden shall be allowed to maintain a tolerance limit of 40 % by weight for tubers affected over more than one tenth of their surface with common scab, relating to the marketing in its territory of seed potatoes until 31 December 1996 at the latest. This tolerance limit shall apply solely to seed potatoes produced in areas of the Kingdom of Sweden in which particular problems with common scab have been experienced.

Such seed potatoes shall not be introduced into the territory of other Member States.

The Kingdom of Sweden shall adapt its legislation in this respect to comply with the relevant part of Annex II to the Directive by the date of expiry of the above period.

However, the Kingdom of Sweden shall apply from the date of accession those provisions of the Directive which ensure access for material complying with the Directive to marketing in its territory.

4. 366 L 0404: Council Directive 66/404/EEC of 14 June 1966 on the marketing of forest reproductive material (OJ No 125, 11.7.1966, p. 2326/66).

- The Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden may maintain their national legislation relating to marketing of forest reproductive material within their territory until 31 December 1999 at the latest.

- The Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden shall be allowed a further period until 31 December 2001 for the exhaustion of stocks of forest reproductive material accumulated before expiry of the transitional period mentioned in the first indent above.

- Insofar as it does not comply with the provisions of the Directive material shall not be introduced on to the territory of Member States other than Finland, Norway and Sweden unless otherwise decided in accordance with the provisions of the Directive.

- However, the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden shall apply from the date of accession those provisions of the Directive which ensure access to marketing in their territories of material complying with the Directive.

- If necessary, further transitional arrangements shall be decided under the relevant Community procedures.

5. 370 L 0457: Council Directive 70/457/EEC of 29 September 1970 on the common catalogue of varieties of agricultural plant species (OJ No L 225, 12.10.1970, p. 1) and 370 L 0458: Council Directive 70/458/ EEC of 29 September 1970 on the marketing of vegetable seed (OJ No L 225, 12.10.1970, p. 7).

- The Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden may postpone until 31 December 1995 at the latest, the application in their territories of the above two Directives with regard to the marketing in their territories of seeds of varieties listed in their respective national catalogues of varieties of agricultural plant species and varieties of vegetable plant species which have not been officially accepted in accordance with the provisions of these Directives. Seeds of such varieties shall not be allowed to be marketed in the territory of the other Member States during this period.

- Varieties of agricultural and vegetable plant species which, at the date of accession or subsequently, are listed in both the respective national catalogues of the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden and in the common catalogues, shall not be subject to any marketing restrictions as regards variety.

- Throughout the period mentioned in the first indent, those varieties in the respective national catalogues of the Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden which have been officially accepted in accordance with the provisions of the abovementioned Directives shall be included in the common catalogues of varieties of agricultural or vegetable plant species, respectively.

6. 371 L 0161: Council Directive 71/161/EEC of 30 March 1971 on external quality standards for forest reproductive material marketed within the Community (OJ No L 87, 17.4.1971, p. 14).

- The Republic of Finland may maintain its national legislation on external quality standards relating to the marketing of forest reproductive material within its territory until 31 December 1999 at the latest.

- Insofar as it does not comply with the provisions of the Directive material shall not be introduced into the territory of other Member States, unless otherwise decided in accordance with the provisions of the Directive.

- The Republic of Finland shall adapt its legislation in this respect to comply with the provisions of the Directive on the date of expiry of the above period.

- However, the Republic of Finland shall apply from the date of accession those provisions of the Directive which ensure access for material complying with the Directive to marketing in its territory.

7. 393 L 0048: Commission Directive 93/48/EEC of 23 June 1993 setting out the schedule indicating the conditions to be met by fruit plant propagating material and fruit plants intended for fruit production, pursuant to Council Directive 92/34/EEC (OJ No L 250, 7.10.1993, p. 1).

8. 393 L 0049: Commission Directive 93/49/EEC of 23 June 1993 setting out the schedule indicating the conditions to be met by ornamental plant propagating material and ornamental plants pursuant to Council Directive 91/682/EEC (OJ No L 250, 7.10.1993, p. 9).

9. 393 L 0061: Commission Directive 93/61/EEC of 2 July 1993 setting out the schedules indicating the conditions to be met by vegetable propagating and planting material other than seed pursuant to Council Directive 92/33/EEC (OJ No L 250, 7.10.1993, p. 19).

The Kingdom of Norway and the Republic of Finland shall be allowed to impose additional conditions relating to the labelling on the origin of perennial plants, for purposes of marketing, in their territory until 31 December 1996 at the latest.

Such conditions may be applied only to their own domestic production.

VIII. FISHERIES

1. 377 R 2115: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2115/77 of 27 September 1977 (OJ No L 247, 28.9.1977, p. 2).

By way of derogation from Article 1, during a period of three years from the date of accession, vessels flying the flag of Finland, Norway or Sweden shall be authorized, provided that such fishery does not entail risks of irreversible ecological damage, to engage in direct fishing for herring for purposes other than human consumption, under the same conditions as before accession, taking into account market outlets and subject to a monitoring system for by-catches supervised by the Commission.

By way of derogation from Article 2, during a period of three years from the date of accession, vessels flying the flag of Finland, Norway or Sweden shall be authorized to land in the Union catches of herring fished for purposes other than human consumption, under the same conditions as before accession, taking into account market outlets.

Before the end of a period of three years from the date of accession and in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 4 of Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92, the Council shall review Regulation (EEC) No 2115/77.

The Council will take decisions for the optimal utilisation of the herring stocks, including fishing for herring for purposes other than human consumption, provided that this is compatible with rational and responsible exploitation on a sustainable basis and taking into consideration markets as well and biological aspects and experiences gained with monitoring schemes and pilot projects.

2. 386 R 3094: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3094/86 of 7 October 1986 (OJ No L 288, 11.10.1986, p. 1).

By way of derogation from Annex I, during a period of eighteen months from the date of accession, Swedish vessels shall be authorized to use a mesh size of 16 mm in the Skagerrak and the Kattegat for the fishing of sprat. Before the end of this transitional period, the technical measures and monitoring system for this type of fishing will be reviewed by the Council in the light of scientific evidence.

3. 389 R 2136: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2136/89 of 21 June 1989 (OJ No L 212, 22.7.1989, p. 79).

By way of derogation from Article 2, second indent, during a period of six months from the date of accession, the marketing of canned sprat under the trade description 'canned sardines` shall be authorized in Norway and Sweden for products packaged before the date of accession.

IX. TAXATION

1. 372 L 0464: Council Directive 72/464/EEC of 19 December 1972 on taxes other than turnover taxes which affect the consumption of manufactured tobacco (OJ No L 303, 31.12.1972, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0078: Council Directive 92/78/EEC of 19 October 1992 (OJ No L 316, 31.10.1992, p. 5).

Notwithstanding Article 4 (1), the Kingdom of Sweden may postpone the application of the proportional excise duty on cigarettes until 1 January 1996.

2. 377 L 0388: Sixth Council Directive 77/388/EEC of 17 May 1977 on the harmonization of the laws of the Member States relating to turnover taxes - Common system of value added tax: uniform basis of assessment (OJ No L 145, 13.6.1977, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 394 L 0005: Council Directive 94/5/EC of 14 February 1994 (OJ No L 60, 3.3.1994, p. 16).

Austria

(a) Notwithstanding Articles 12 and 13 (A) (1):

The Republic of Austria may, until 31 December 1996, continue to apply:

- a reduced rate of value added tax of 10 % to hospital activities in the field of public health care and welfare and to the transport of sick or injured persons in vehicles specially designed for the purpose by duly authorized bodies;

- a standard rate of value added tax of 20 % to the provision of medical care by physicians in the field of public health and social welfare;

- an exemption, with refund of tax paid at the preceding stage, to supplies carried out by social security and social welfare institutions.

Such taxation shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(b) For the purposes of applying Article 12 (3) (a), the Republic of Austria may apply a second standard rate in the communes of Jungholz and Mittelberg (Kleines Walsertal) which is lower than the corresponding rate applied in the rest of Austria but not less than 15 %.

The reduced rate shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(c) In implementation of Article 24 (2) to (6) and pending the adoption of Community provisions in this field, the Republic of Austria may apply an exemption from value added tax to taxable persons whose annual turnover is less than the equivalent in national currency of ECU 35 000.

Such exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(d) For the purposes of applying Article 27 (1), the Republic of Austria may continue to tax international passenger transport, carried out by taxable persons not established in Austria by means of motor vehicles not registered in Austria, under the following conditions:

- this transitional measure may apply until 31 December 2000;

- the distance covered in Austria shall be taxed on the basis of an average taxable amount per person and per kilometre;

- the system shall not involve fiscal controls at frontiers between Member States;

- such a measure, intended to simplify the procedure for charging the tax, shall not affect, except to a negligible extent, the amount of tax due at the final consumption stage.

(e) By way of derogation from Article 28 (2), the Republic of Austria may, until 31 December 1998, apply a reduced rate to the letting of immovable property for residential use provided that the rate is not lower than 10 %.

The reduced rate shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(f) For the purposes of applying Article 28 (2) (d), the Republic of Austria may apply a reduced rate to restaurant services.

The reduced rate shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(g) For the purposes of applying Article 28 (2) (e), the Republic of Austria may apply a reduced rate to wine from farm production carried out by the producing farmer and supplies of electrically-driven vehicles provided that such rate is not lower than 12 %.

The reduced rate shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(h) For the purposes of applying Article 28 (3) (a), the Republic of Austria may tax:

- pursuant to point 2 of Annex E, until 31 December 1996, services supplied by dental technicians in their professional capacity and dental prostheses supplied by dentists and dental technicians to Austrian social security institutions;

- the transactions listed in point 7 of Annex E.

Such taxation shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(i) For the purposes of applying Article 28 (3) (b), the Republic of Austria may exempt from value added tax:

- telecommunications services supplied by public postal services, until such time as the Council has adopted a common scheme for taxation of such services, or until the date on which all present Member States currently applying full exemption cease to apply it, whichever comes first, but in any event until 31 December 1995;

- the transactions listed in points 7 and 16 of Annex F, so long as the same exemptions are applied to any of the present Member States,

- with refund of tax paid at the preceding stage, all parts of international passenger transport by air, sea or inland waterways from Austria to a Member State or to a third country and vice versa, other than passenger transport on Lake Constance, so long as the same exemption applies to any of the present Member States.

These exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

Finland

(j) In implementation of Article 24 (2) to (6) and pending the adoption of Community provisions in this field, the Republic of Finland may apply an exemption from value added tax to taxable persons whose annual turnover is less than the equivalent in national currency of ECU 10 000.

(k) For the purposes of applying Article 27 (1), the Republic of Finland may continue to exempt from value added tax, with refund of tax paid at the preceding stage, the sale, lease, repair and maintenance of vessels, under the following conditions:

- this transitional measure may apply until 31 December 2000;

- such exemption may apply to vessels which are at least 10 metres in length and which by their construction are not intended for pleasure or sports purposes;

- such measure, intended to simplify the procedure for charging tax, shall not affect, except to a negligible extent, the amount of tax due at the final consumption stage.

(l) For the purposes of applying Article 28 (2) (a), the Republic of Finland may, during the transitional period referred to in Article 28l, apply exemptions, with refund of tax paid at the preceding stage, which are in accordance with Community law and satisfy the conditions set out in the last indent of Article 17 of the second Council Directive of 11 April 1967, to supplies of subscribed newspapers and periodicals and printing of publications distributed to the members of corporations for the public good.

Such exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(m) For the purposes of implementing Article 28 (3) (a), and so long as such transactions are subject to tax by any of the present Member States, the Republic of Finland may tax the transactions listed in point 7 of Annex E.

Such taxation shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(n) For the purposes of implementing Article 28 (3) (b), and so long as the same exemption is applied by any of the present Member States, the Republic of Finland may exempt from value added tax:

- services supplied by authors, artists and performers referred to in point 2 of Annex F;

- the transactions listed in points 7, 16 and 17 of Annex F.

These exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

Norway

(o) Notwithstanding Article 2 (1):

The Kingdom of Norway may, until 31 December 1995, continue to exempt from value added tax the supply of services which were not subject to value added tax prior to the date of accession.

Such exemption shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(p) Notwithstanding Article 13B (b) (1):

The Kingdom of Norway may, until 31 December 1995, exempt from value added tax the supply of accommodation in the hotel sector and in sectors with similar functions, including accommodation in hostels and cottages, and leasing and letting of camping sites.

Such exemption shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(q) In implementation of Article 24 (2) to (6), and pending the adoption of Community provisions in this field, the Kingdom of Norway may exempt from value added tax certain groups of taxable persons whose annual turnover is less than the equivalent in national currency of ECU 10 000.

(r) In application of Article 27 (1), the Kingdom of Norway may continue to exempt from value added tax, with refund of tax paid at the preceding stage, the sale, lease, repair and maintenance of vessels, under the following conditions:

- the exemption may apply to vessels at least 15 metres in length and intended for the transport of passengers for reward, freight transport, or for towing, salvage, rescue and ice-breaking activities in Norwegian waters, or supplies of, or work on vessels used for research purposes, weather forecasting or as training ships in relation to the activities not covered by Article 15 (5);

- this transitional measure may apply until 31 December 2000;

- such measure, intended to simplify the procedure for charging tax, shall not affect, except to a negligible extent, the amount of tax due at the final consumption stage.

(s) In application of Article 27 (1), and pending the adoption of Community provisions in this field or until 31 December 1995, whichever is the earlier, the Kingdom of Norway may exempt from value added tax the supply of services referred to in the third indent of Article 9 (2) (c), but excluding the supply of services in accordance with Articles 14, 15 and 16.

Such exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(t) In application of Article 28 (2) (a), the Kingdom of Norway may, during the transitional period referred to in Article 28l, apply exemptions, with the refund of tax paid at the preceding stage, which are in accordance with Community law and satisfy the conditions set out in the last indent of Article 17 of the second Council Directive of 11 April 1967, to supplies of newspapers, books and periodicals.

These exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(u) For the purposes of applying Article 28 (3) (b), and so long as the same exemptions are applied by any of the present Member States, the Kingdom of Norway may exempt the transactions listed in points 1, 2, 6, 10, 16, 17 and 27 of Annex F from value added tax.

These exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(v) Notwithstanding Article 33:

The Kingdom of Norway may, until 31 December 1999, continue to apply its investment tax on the acquisition of goods for use in business. During this period, the Kingdom of Norway shall scale down the rate of the tax.

Such taxation shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

Sweden

(w) Notwithstanding Article 12 (3) (a) and point 7 of Annex H:

The Kingdom of Sweden may exempt the supply of cinema tickets from value added tax until 31 December 1995.

This exemption shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(x) In implementation of Article 24 (2) to (6), and pending the adoption of Community provisions in this field, the Kingdom of Sweden may apply the following simplified procedure for small and medium-sized enterprises, provided that the provisions are in conformity with the Treaty establishing the European Communities, and in particular Articles 95 and 96 thereof:

- submission of value added tax returns three months after the end of the annual direct tax period by taxable persons carrying out domestic taxable transactions only;

- application of exemption from value added tax to taxable persons whose annual turnover is less than the equivalent in national currency of ECU 10 000;

(y) In the implementation of Article 22 (12) (a), the Kingdom of Sweden is authorised to allow taxable persons to submit annual recapitulative statements on the conditions stipulated therein.

(z) for the purposes of applying Article 28 (2) (a), the Kingdom of Sweden may, during the transitional period referred to in Article 28l, apply exemptions with the refund of tax paid at the preceding stage, which are in accordance with Community law, and satisfy the conditions set out in the last indent of Article 17 of the second Council Directive of 11 April 1967, to supplies of newspapers, including radio and cassette newspapers for visually-impaired people, pharmaceuticals supplied to hospitals or on prescription, and production or other related services concerning periodicals of non-profit-making organizations.

These exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of an assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

(aa) For the purposes of applying Article 28 (3) (b), so long as the same exemptions are applied to any of the present Member States, the Kingdom of Sweden may exempt from value added tax:

- services supplied by authors, artists and performers referred to in point 2 of Annex F;

- the transactions listed in points 1, 16 and 17 of Annex F.

These exemptions shall not have any effect on own resources for which the basis of assessment will have to be reconstituted in accordance with Council Regulation (EEC, Euratom) No 1553/89.

3. 392 L 0012: Council Directive 92/12/EEC of 25 February 1992 on the general arrangements for products subject to excise duty and on the holding, movement and monitoring of such products (OJ No L 76, 23.3.1992, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0108: Council Directive 92/108/EEC of 14 December 1992 (OJ No L 390, 31.12.1992, p. 124).

The Republic of Finland, the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden may maintain quantitative limits for imports of cigarettes and other tobacco products, spirits, wines and beer from other Member States on the conditions stipulated in Article 26 of Council Directive 92/12/EEC.

The levels of these limits are:

Tobacco products

- 300 cigarettes or

- 150 cigarillos (cigars of a maximum weight of 3 grammes each) or

- 75 cigars or

- 400 grammes of smoking tobacco

Alcoholic beverages

>TABLE>

Finland, Norway and Sweden shall take measures to ensure that imports of beer from third countries are not allowed under more favourable conditions than such imports from other Member States.

4. 392 L 0079: Council Directive 92/79/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the approximation of taxes on cigarettes (OJ No L 316, 31.10.1992, p. 8).

Notwithstanding Article 2, the Kingdom of Sweden may postpone until 1 January 1999 the application of an overall minimum excise duty equivalent to 57 % of the retail selling price (inclusive of all taxes) for cigarettes of the price category most in demand.

5. 392 L 0081: Council Directive 92/81/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the harmonization of the structures of excise duties on mineral oils (OJ No L 316, 31.10.1992, p. 12), as last amended by:

- 392 L 0108: Council Directive 92/108/EEC of 14 December 1992 (OJ No L 390, 31.12.1992, p. 124), and

392 D 0510: Council Decision No 92/510/EEC of 19 October 1992 authorizing Member States to continue to apply to certain mineral oils when used for specific purposes, existing reduced rates of excise duty or exemptions from excise duty, in accordance with the procedure provided for in Article 8 (4) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC (OJ No L 316, 31.10.1992, p. 16).

(a) Notwithstanding Article 8 (1) (c) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC, the Kingdom of Norway may continue, until 31 December 1998, to subject to excise duty mineral oil supplied for use as fuel for passenger transport within Norwegian waters.

(b) On the basis of Article 8 (4) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC and under the conditions set out in Council Decision 92/510/EEC as supplemented by Council Decision 93/697/EC and, in particular, on condition that such rates are at no time set below the minimum rates laid down in Council Directive 92/82/EEC, the Kingdom of Norway may to continue to apply:

- reduced excise duty rates on fuel for buses on scheduled services;

- the reduced excise duty rate for fuel for pleasure boats.

(c) On the basis of Article 8 (4) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC and under the conditions set out in Council Decision 92/510/EEC as supplemented by Council Decision 93/697/EC, and, notwithstanding the obligations laid down in Council Directive 92/82/EEC, the Kingdom of Norway may continue to apply:

- the exemption from excise duty for environmentally-friendly fuels for chain saws and other tools;

- the exemption from excise duty for organic fuel and methane obtained from organic processes;

- the exemption from excise duty for waste oil for heating purposes;

- the exemption from excise duty for fuel for snow scooters and river boats in areas where there are no roads;

- the exemption from excise duty for mineral oils used for private flying.

(d) On the basis of Article 8 (4) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC and under the conditions set out in Council Decision 92/510/EEC as supplemented by Council Decision 93/697/EC and, notwithstanding the obligations laid down in Council Directive 92/82/EEC, the Republic of Austria may continue to apply the exemption from excise duty for LPG used as motor fuel in local public transport vehicles.

(e) On the basis of Article 8 (4) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC and under the conditions set out in Council Decision 92/510/EEC and, in particular, on condition that such rates are at no time set below the minimum rates laid down in Council Directive 92/82/EEC, the Republic of Finland may continue to apply:

- reduced excise duty rates on diesel fuel and gas oil;

- reduced excise duty rates on reformulated unleaded and leaded petrol.

(f) On the basis of Article 8 (4) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC and under the conditions set out in Council Decision 92/510/EEC and, notwithstanding the obligations laid down in Council Directive 92/82/EEC, the Republic of Finland may continue to apply:

- the exemption from excise duty for methane and LPG for all purposes;

- the exemption from excise duty for mineral oils used for private pleasure craft.

(g) On the basis of Article 8 (4) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC and under the conditions set out in Council Decision 92/510/EEC and, in particular, on condition that such rates are at no time set below the minimum rates laid down in Council Directive 92/82/EEC, the Kingdom of Sweden may to continue to apply:

- a reduced excise duty rate for mineral oils used for industrial purposes;

- reduced tax rates for diesel and light heating oil in accordance with environmental classifications.

(h) On the basis of Article 8 (4) of Council Directive 92/81/EEC and under the conditions set out in Council Decision 92/510/EEC and, notwithstanding the obligations laid down in Council Directive 92/82/EEC, the Kingdom of Sweden may continue to apply an exemption from excise duty for biologically produced methane and other waste gases.

6. 392 L 0083: Council Directive 92/83/EEC of 19 October 1992 on the harmonization of the structures of excise duties on alcohol and alcoholic beverages (OJ No L 316, 31.10.1992, p. 21).

Notwithstanding Article 5 (1), the Kingdom of Sweden may continue to apply, until 31 December 1997, a reduced rate of excise duty, on condition that this rate is at no time set below the minimum rate laid down in Council Directive 92/84/EEC, to beer with an alcohol content of not more than 3,5 % volume.

X. MISCELLANEOUS

389 L 0622: Council Directive 89/662/EEC of 13 November 1989 on the approximation of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning the labelling of tobacco products and the prohibition of the marketing of certain types of tobacco for oral use (OJ No L 359, 8.12.1989, p. 1), as amended by:

- 392 L 0041: Council Directive 92/41/EEC of 15 May 1992 (OJ No L 158, 11.6.1992, p. 30).

(a) The prohibition in Article 8a of Directive 89/622/EEC, as amended by Directive 92/41/EEC, concerning the placing on the market of the product defined in Article 2 (4) of Directive 89/622/EEC, as amended by Directive 92/41/EEC, shall not apply in Sweden and Norway, with the exception of the prohibition to place this product on the market in a form resembling a food product.

(b) The Kingdoms of Sweden and Norway shall take all measures necessary to ensure that the product referred to in paragraph (a) is not placed on the market in the Member States for which Directives 89/622/EEC and 92/41/EEC are fully applicable.

(c) The Commission shall monitor the actual implementation of the measures provided for in paragraph (b).

(d) The Commission shall submit to the Council, three years as from the date of accession of Sweden and Norway, a report on the implementation by the Kingdoms of Sweden and Norway of the measures referred to under paragraph (b). This report may be accompanied, if necessary, by appropriate proposals.

ANNEX XVI

List provided for in Article 165 (1) of the Act of Accession

1. European Social Fund Committee:

Set up by Article 124 of the EC Treaty and by 388 R 2052: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2052/88 of 24 June 1988 (OJ No L 185, 15.7.1988, p. 9), as amended by:

- 393 R 2081: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2081/93 of 20 July 1993 (OJ No L 193, 31.7.1993, p. 5)

2. Advisory Committee on Freedom of Movement of Workers:

Set up by 368 R 1612: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1612/68 of 15 October 1968 (OJ No L 257, 19.10.1968, p. 2), as last amended by:

- 392 R 2434: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2434/92 of 27 July 1992 (OJ No L 245, 26.8.1992, p. 1)

3. Advisory Committee on Social Security for Migrant Workers:

Set up by 371 R 1408: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1408/71 of 14 June 1971 (OJ No L 149, 5.7.1971, p. 2), as last amended by:

- 393 R 1945: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1945/93 of 30 June 1993 (OJ No L 181, 23.7.1993, p. 1).

4. Advisory Committee on Safety, Hygiene and Health Protection at Work:

Set up by 374 D 0325: Council Decision 74/325/ EEC of 27 June 1974 (OJ No L 185, 9.7.1974, p. 15), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

5. Administrative Board of the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions:

Set up by 375 R 1365: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1365/75 of 26 May 1975 (OJ No L 139, 30.5.1975, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 393 R 1947: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1947/93 of 30 June 1993 (OJ No L 181, 23.7.1993, p. 13).

6. Committee of Experts at the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions:

Set up by 375 R 1365: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1365/75 of 26 May 1975 (OJ No L 139, 30.5.1975, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 393 R 1947: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1947/93 of 30 June 1993 (OJ No L 181, 23.7.1993, p. 13).

7. Advisory Committee on Equal Opportunities for Women and Men:

Set up by 382 D 0043: Commission Decision 82/43/ EEC of 9 December 1981 (OJ No L 20, 28.1.1982, p. 35), as amended by:

- 1 85 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

8. Safety and Health Commission for the Mining and Other Extractive Industries:

Set up by Decision of 9 July 1957 of the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States, meeting within the Special Council of Ministers (OJ No 28, 31.8.1957, p. 487), as amended by:

- 365 D: Council Decision of 11 March 1965 (OJ No 46, 22.3.1965, p. 698/65),

- 374 D 0326: Council Decision 74/326/EEC of 27 June 1974 (OJ No L 185, 9.7.1974, p. 18).

9. Advisory Committee on the control and reduction of pollution caused by the discharge of hydrocarbons and other dangerous substances at sea:

Set up by 380 D 0686: Commission Decision 80/686/EEC of 25 June 1980 (OJ No L 188, 22.7.1980, p. 11), as last amended by:

- 387 D 0144: Commission Decision 87/144/EEC of 13 February 1987 (OJ No L 57, 27.2.1987, p. 57).

10. Advisory Committee on the protection of animals used for experimental and other scientific purposes:

Set up by 390 D 0067: Commission Decision 90/67/EEC of 9 February 1990 (OJ No L 44, 20.2.1990, p. 30).

11. Scientific Advisory Committee on the Toxicity and Ecotoxicity of Chemical Compounds:

Set up by 378 D 0618: Commission Decision 78/618/EEC of 28 June 1978 (OJ No L 198, 22.7.1978, p. 17), as last amended by:

- 388 D 0241: Commission Decision 88/241/EEC of 14 March 1988 (OJ No L 105, 26.4.1988, p. 29).

12. Waste Management Committee:

Set up by 376 D 0431: Commission Decision 76/431/EEC of 21 April 1976 (OJ No L 115, 1.5.1976, p. 13), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

13. Scientific, Technical and Economic Committee for Fisheries

Set up by 393 D 0619: Commission Decision 93/619/EC of 19 November 1993 (OJ No L 297, 2.12.1993, p. 25).

14. Advisory Committee on Medical Training:

Set up by 375 D 0364: Council Decision 75/364/EEC of 16 June 1975 (OJ No L 167, 30.6.1975, p. 17).

15. Advisory Committee on Training in Nursing:

Set up by 377 D 0454: Council Decision 77/454/EEC of 27 June 1977 (OJ No L 176, 15.7.1977, p. 11).

16. Advisory Committee on the Training of Dental Practitioners:

Set up by 378 D 0688: Council Decision 78/688/EEC of 25 July 1978 (OJ No L 233, 24.8.1978, p. 15).

17. Advisory Committee on Veterinary Training:

Set up by 378 D 1028: Council Decision 78/1028/EEC of 18 December 1978 (OJ No L 362, 23.12.1978, p. 10).

18. Advisory Committee on the Training of Midwives:

Set up by 380 D 0156: Council Decision 80/156/EEC of 21 January 1980 (OJ No L 33, 11.2.1980, p. 13).

19. Advisory Committee on Education and Training in the Field of Architecture:

Set up by 385 D 0385: Council Decision 85/385/EEC of 10 June 1985 (OJ No L 233, 21.8.1985, p. 26).

20. Advisory Committee on Pharmaceutical Training:

Set up by 385 D 0434: Council Decision 85/434/EEC of 16 September 1985 (OJ No L 253, 24.9.1985, p. 43).

21. Advisory Committee on the Opening-up of Public Contracts:

Set up by 387 D 0305: Commission Decision 87/305/EEC of 26 May 1987 (OJ No L 152, 12.6.1987, p. 32), as amended by:

- 387 D 0560: Commission Decision 87/560/EEC of 17 July 1987 (OJ No L 338, 28.11.1987, p. 37).

22. Advisory Committee for Public Procurement:

Set up by 371 L 0306: Council Decision 71/306/EEC of 26 July 1971 (OJ No L 185, 16.8.1971, p. 15), as amended by:

- 377 D 0063: Council Decision 77/63/EEC of 21 December 1976 (OJ No L 13, 15.1.1977, p. 15).

23. Committee of Experts on the Transit of Electricity (OSTE):

Set up by 392 D 0167: Commission Decision 92/167/EEC of 4 March 1992 setting up a Committee of Experts on the Transit of Electricity between Grids (OJ No L 74, 20.3.1992, p. 43).

24. Committee of Representatives of Member States:

Set up under Article 4 of 393 D 0379: Council Decision 93/379/EEC of 14 June 1993 on a multiannual programme of Community measures to intensify the priority areas and to ensure the continuity and consolidation of policy for enterprise, in particular small and medium-sized enterprises, in the Community (OJ No L 161, 2.7.1993, p. 68).

25. Committee on Tourism:

Set up by 392 D 0421: Council Decision 92/421/EEC of 13 July 1992 on a Community action plan to assist tourism (OJ No L 231, 13.8.1992, p. 26).

ANNEX XVII

List provided for in Article 165(2) of the Act of Accession

1. Advisory Committee on Vocational Training:

Set up by 363 D 0266: Council Decision 63/266/EEC of 2 April 1963 (OJ No 63, 20.4.1963, p. 1338/63) and the rules of which were adopted by 363 X 0688: Council Decision 63/688/EEC of 18 December 1963 (OJ No 190, 30.12.1963, p. 3090/63), as amended by:

- 368 D 0189: Council Decision 68/189/EEC of 9 April 1968 (OJ No L 91, 12.4.1968, p. 26),

- 172 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23).

2. Advisory Committee on Fisheries:

Set up by 371 D 0128: Commission Decision 71/128/EEC of 25 February 1971 (OJ No L 68, 22.3.1971, p. 18), as amended by:

- 373 D 0429: Commission Decision 73/429/EEC of 31 October 1973 (OJ No L 355, 24.12.1973, p. 61),

- 389 D 0004: Commission Decision 89/4/EEC of 21 December 1988 (OJ No L 5, 7.1.1989, p. 33).

3. Advisory Committee on Customs Matters and Indirect Taxation:

Set up by 391 D 0453: Commission Decision 91/453/EEC of 30 July 1991 (OJ No L 241, 30.8.1991, p. 43).

ANNEX XVIII

List provided for in Article 167 of the Act of Accession

A. Eggs and poultry

1. 375 R 2782: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2782/75 of 29 October 1975 on the production and marketing of eggs for hatching and of farmyard poultry chicks (OJ No L 282, 1.11.1975, p. 100), as last amended by:

- 391 R 1057: Commission Regulation (EEC) No 1057/91 of 26 April 1991 (OJ No L 107, 27.4.1991, p. 11).

Norway and Sweden: 1 January 1997.

2. 390 R 1906: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1906/90 of 26 June 1990 on certain marketing standards for poultry (OJ No L 173, 6.7.1990, p. 1), as last amended by:

- 393 R 3204: Council Regulation (EC) No 3204/93 of 16 November 1993 (OJ No L 289, 24.11.1993, p. 3).

Norway and Sweden: 1 January 1997.

3. 390 R 1907: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1907/90 of 26 June 1990 on certain marketing standards for eggs (OJ No L 173, 6.7.1990, p. 5), as amended by:

- 393 R 2617: Council Regulation (EEC) No 2617/93 of 21 September 1993 (OJ No L 240, 25.9.1993, p. 1).

Norway and Sweden: 1 January 1997.

B. Beef and veal

381 R 1208: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1208/81 of 28 April 1981 determining the Community scale for the classification of carcasses of adult bovine animals (OJ No L 123, 7.5.1981, p. 3), as last amended by:

- 391 R 1026: Council Regulation (EEC) No 1026/91 of 22 April 1981 (OJ No L 106, 26.4.1991, p. 2).

Norway and Finland: 1 January 1996.

C. Pigmeat

384 R 3220: Council Regulation (EEC) No 3220/84 of 13 November 1984 determining the Community scale for grading pig carcases (OJ No L 301, 20.1.1984, p. 1) as last amended by:

- 393 R 3513: Council Regulation (EC) No 3513/93 of 14 December 1993 (OJ No L 320, 22.12.1993, p. 5).

Norway and Finland: 1 January 1996.

D. Plant health

1. 369 L 0464: Council Directive 69/464/EEC of 8 December 1969 on control of Potato Wart Disease (OJ No L 323, 24.12.1969, p. 1).

Finland: 1 January 1996

Sweden: 1 January 1997

During the transitional period, no potatoes from these Member States shall be introduced into the territory of other Member States.

2. 369 L 0465: Council Directive 69/465/EEC of 8 December 1969 on control of Potato Cyst Eelworm (OJ No L 323, 24.12.1969, p. 3).

Sweden: 1 January 1997

During the transitional period, no potatoes from this Member State shall be introduced into the territory of other Member States.

3. 393 L 0085: Council Directive 93/85/EEC of 4 October 1993 on the control of potato ring rot (OJ No L 259, 18.10.1993, p. 1).

Finland: 1 January 1996

Sweden: 1 January 1996

During the transitional period, no potatoes from these Member States shall be introduced into the territory of other Member States.

ANNEX XIX

List provided for in Article 168 of the Act of Accession

I. FREE MOVEMENT OF PERSONS, SERVICES AND CAPITAL

378 L 0686: Council Directive of 25 July 1978 concerning the mutual recognition of diplomas, certificates and other evidence of the formal qualifications of practitioners of dentistry, including measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment and freedom to provide services (OJ No L 233, 24.8.1978, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 381 L 1057: Council Directive 81/1057/EEC of 14 December 1981 (OJ No L 385, 31.12.1981, p. 25),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 389 L 0594: Council Directive 89/594/EEC of 30 October 1989 (OJ No L 341, 23.11.1989, p. 19),

- 390 L 0658: Council Directive 90/658/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 73).

Austria: 1 January 1999

II. TRANSPORT POLICY

391 L 0440: Council Directive 91/440/EEC of 29 July 1991 on the development of the Community's railways (OJ No L 237, 24.8.1991, p. 25).

Austria: 1 July 1995.

III. ENVIRONMENT

1. 376 L 0160: Council Directive 76/160/EEC of 8 December 1975 concerning the quality of bathing water (OJ No L 31, 5.2.1976, p. 1), as amended by:

- 179 H: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Hellenic Republic (OJ No L 291, 19.11.1979, p. 17),

- 185 I: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic (OJ No L 302, 15.11.1985, p. 23),

- 390 L 0656: Council Directive 90/656/EEC of 4 December 1990 (OJ No L 353, 17.12.1990, p. 59),

- 391 L 0692: Council Directive 91/692/EEC of 23 December 1991 (OJ No L 377, 31.12.1991, p. 48).

Austria: 1 January 1997

2. 380 L 0836: Council Directive 80/836/Euratom of 15 July 1980 amending the Directives laying down the basic safety standards for the health protection of the general public and workers against the dangers of ionizing radiation (OJ No L 246, 17.9.1980, p. 1), as amended by:

- 384 L 0467: Council Directive 84/467/Euratom of 3 September 1984 (OJ No L 265, 5.10.1984, p. 4).

(a) Austria: 1 January 1997

(b) Finland: 1 January 1997

(c) Sweden: 1 January 1997

3. 392 L 0014: Council Directive 92/14/EEC of 2 March 1992 on the limitation of the operation of aeroplanes covered by Part II, Chapter 2, Volume I of Annex 16 to the Convention on International Civil Aviation, second edition (1988) (OJ No L 76, 23.3.1992, p. 21)

Austria: 1 April 2002

IV. ENERGY

368 L 0414: Council Directive 68/414/EEC of 20 December 1968 imposing an obligation on Member States of the EEC to maintain minimum stocks of crude oil and/or petroleum products (OJ No L 308, 23.12.1968, p. 14), as amended by:

- 1 72 B: Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties - Accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom (OJ No L 73, 27.3.1972, p. 14),

- 372 L 0425: Council Directive 72/425/EEC of 19 December 1972 (OJ No L 291, 28.12.1972, p. 154).

Finland: 1 January 1996.

V. AGRICULTURE

1. 393 L 0023: Council Directive 93/23/EEC of 1 June 1993 on the statistical surveys to be carried out on pig production (OJ No L 149, 21.6.1993, p. 1).

Finland: 1 January 1996.

2. 393 L 0024: Council Directive 93/24/EEC 1993 of 1 June 1993 on the statistical surveys to be carried out on bovine animal production (OJ No L 149, 21.6.1993, p. 5).

Finland: 1 January 1996.

Protocol No 1 on the statute of the European Investment Bank

PART ONE ADJUSTMENTS TO THE STATUTE OF THE EUROPEAN INVESTMENT BANK

Article 1

The following is substituted for Article 3 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Bank:

'Article 3

In accordance with Article 198d of this Treaty, the following shall be members of the Bank:

- the Kingdom of Belgium,

- the Kingdom of Denmark,

- the Federal Republic of Germany,

- the Hellenic Republic,

- the Kingdom of Spain,

- the French Republic,

- Ireland,

- the Italian Republic,

- the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

- the Kingdom of the Netherlands,

- the Kingdom of Norway,

- the Republic of Austria,

- the Portuguese Republic,

- the Republic of Finland,

- the Kingdom of Sweden,

- the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.`

Article 2

The following is substituted for the first subparagraph of Article 4 (1) of the Protocol on the Statute of the Bank:

'1. The capital of the Bank shall be ECU 62 940 million, subscribed by the Member States as follows:

>TABLE>

`.

Article 3

The following is substituted for Article 10 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Bank:

'Article 10

Save as otherwise provided in this Statute, decisions of the Board of Governors shall be taken by a majority of its members. This majority must represent at least 50 % of the subscribed capital. Voting by the Board of Governors shall be in accordance with the provisions of Article 148 of this Treaty.`

Article 4

The following is substituted for the first three subparagraphs of Article 11 (2) of the Protocol on the Statute of the Bank:

'2. The Board of Directors shall consist of 26 Directors and 13 alternates.

The Directors shall be appointed by the Board of Governors for five years as shown below:

- three Directors nominated by the Federal Republic of Germany,

- three Directors nominated by the French Republic,

- three Directors nominated by the Italian Republic,

- three Directors nominated by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,

- two Directors nominated by the Kingdom of Spain,

- one Director nominated by the Kingdom of Belgium,

- one Director nominated by the Kingdom of Denmark,

- one Director nominated by the Hellenic Republic,

- one Director nominated by Ireland,

- one Director nominated by the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg,

- one Director nominated by the Kingdom of the Netherlands,

- one Director nominated by the Kingdom of Norway,

- one Director nominated by the Republic of Austria,

- one Director nominated by the Portuguese Republic,

- one Director nominated by the Republic of Finland,

- one Director nominated by the Kingdom of Sweden,

- one Director nominated by the Commission.

The alternates shall be appointed by the Board of Governors for five years as shown below:

- two alternates nominated by the Federal Republic of Germany,

- two alternates nominated by the French Republic,

- two alternates nominated by the Italian Republic,

- two alternates nominated by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,

- one alternate nominated by common accord of the Kingdom of Spain and the Portuguese Republic,

- one alternate nominated by common accord of the Benelux countries,

- one alternate nominated by common accord of the Kingdom of Denmark, the Hellenic Republic and Ireland,

- one alternate nominated by common accord of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden,

- one alternate nominated by the Commission.`

Article 5

The following sentence is substituted for the second sentence of Article 12 (2) of the Protocol on the Statute of the Bank:

'A qualified majority shall require 18 votes in favour.`

PART TWO OTHER PROVISIONS

Article 6

1. The new Member States shall pay the following sums as their share of the capital paid up by the Member States as of 1 January 1995:

>TABLE>

These contributions shall be paid in five equal six-monthly instalments falling due on 30 April and 31 October. The first instalment shall be payable on whichever of these two dates next follows the date of accession.

2. With regard to the part remaining to be paid up, on the date of accession, under the increase in capital decided on 11 June 1990, the new Member States shall participate with the following amounts:

>TABLE>

These amounts shall be paid in eight equal six-monthly instalments falling due on the dates laid down for this increase in capital, starting on 30 April 1995.

Article 7

The new Member States shall, in five equal six-monthly instalments falling due on the dates indicated in Article 6 (1), contribute towards the reserve fund, the additional reserves and those provisions equivalent to reserves, and to the amount still to be appropriated to the reserves and provisions corresponding to the balance of the profit and loss account, as at 31 December of the year prior to accession, as stated in the Bank's approved balance sheet, the amounts corresponding to the following percentages of the reserves and provisions:

>TABLE>

Article 8

The payments laid down in Articles 6 and 7 of this Protocol shall be made by the new Member States in ecus or in their national currency.

If a national currency is used for payment, the amounts payable shall be calculated on the basis of the ecu conversion rate valid on the last working day of the month preceding the relevant due dates of payment. This formula shall also be used for the capital adjustment provided for in Article 7 of the Protocol on the Statute of the Bank.

Article 9

1. Upon accession, the Board of Governors shall increase the membership of the Board of Directors by appointing four Directors, one being nominated by each of the new Member States, together with one alternate, nominated by common accord of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland, and the Kingdom of Sweden.

2. The terms of office of the Directors and alternate thus appointed shall expire at the end of the annual meeting of the Board of Governors during which the annual report for the 1997 financial year is examined.

Protocol No 2 on the Åland islands

Taking into account the special status that the Åland islands enjoy under international law, the Treaties on which the European Union is founded shall apply to the Åland islands with the following derogations:

Article 1

The provisions of the EC Treaty shall not preclude the application of the existing provisions in force on 1 January 1994 on the Åland islands on:

- restrictions, on a non-discriminatory basis, on the right of natural persons who do not enjoy hembygdsrätt/kotiseutuoikeus (regional citizenship) in Åland, and for legal persons, to acquire and hold real property on the Åland islands without permission by the competent authorities of the Åland islands;

- restrictions, on a non-discriminatory basis, on the right of establishment and the right to provide services by natural persons who do not enjoy hembygdsrätt/kotiseutuoikeus (regional citizenship) in Åland, or by legal persons without permission by the competent authorities of the Åland islands.

Article 2

(a) The territory of the Åland islands - being considered as a third territory, as defined in Article 3 (1) third indent of Council Directive 77/388/EEC as amended, and as a national territory falling outside the field of application of the excise harmonization directives as defined in Article 2 of Council Directive 92/12/EEC - shall be excluded from the territorial application of the EC provisions in the fields of harmonization of the laws of the Member States on turnover taxes and on excise duties and other forms of indirect taxation. This exemption shall not have any effect on the Community's own resources.

This paragraph shall not apply to the provisions of Council Directive 69/335/EEC, as amended, relating to capital duty.

(b) This derogation is aimed at maintaining a viable local economy in the islands and shall not have any negative effects on the interests of the Union nor on its common policies. If the Commission considers that the provisions in paragraph (a) are no longer justified, particularly in terms of fair competition or own resources, it shall submit appropriate proposals to the Council, which shall act in accordance with the pertinent articles of the EC Treaty.

Article 3

The Republic of Finland shall ensure that the same treatment applies to all natural and legal persons of the Member States in the Åland islands.

Protocol No 3 on the Sami people

THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES,

RECOGNIZING the obligations and commitments of Norway, Sweden and Finland with regard to the Sami people under national and international law,

NOTING, in particular, that Norway, Sweden and Finland are committed to preserving and developing the means of livelihood, language, culture and way of life of the Sami people,

CONSIDERING the dependence of traditional Sami culture and livelihood on primary economic activities, such as reindeer husbandry in the traditional areas of Sami settlement,

HAVE AGREED on the following provisions,

Article 1

Notwithstanding the provisions of the EC Treaty, exclusive rights to reindeer husbandry within traditional Sami areas may be granted to the Sami people.

Article 2

This Protocol may be extended to take account of any further development of exclusive Sami rights linked to their traditional means of livelihood. The Council may, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission, and after consulting the European Parliament and the Committee of the Regions, adopt the necessary amendments to the Protocol.

Protocol No 4 on the petroleum sector in Norway

THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES,

RECOGNIZING the major impact of the petroleum sector on the Norwegian economy and the development of its society,

HAVE AGREED as follows:

THEY TAKE NOTE that the EC Treaty in no way prejudices the rules in Member States governing the system of property ownership;

THEY RECALL that Member States have sovereignty and sovereign rights over petroleum resources;

THEY RECOGNIZE to this effect that Member States have:

(a) the right to State participation in petroleum activities and to appoint a legal entity to manage that participation;

(b) exclusive rights to resource management, inter alia exploration and exploitation policies, the optimalization of development and production and the rate at which petroleum resources may be depleted or otherwise exploited;

(c) exclusive rights to specify and levy taxes, royalties or other financial payments payable by virtue of such exploration and exploitation,

and REAFFIRM that the exercise of such rights by Member States must be in accordance with the Treaties and the other provisions of Community law.

Protocol No 5 on the participation of the new Member States in the funds of the European Coal and Steel Community

The contribution of the new Member States to the funds of the European Coal and Steel Community shall be fixed as follows:

>TABLE>

These contributions shall be paid in two equal interest-free instalments, the first on 1 January 1995 and the second on 1 January 1996.

Protocol No 6 on special provisions for Objective 6 in the framework of the Structural Funds in Finland, Norway and Sweden

THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES,

Having regard to requests by Finland, Norway and Sweden for special Structural Fund support for their least densely populated regions,

Whereas the Union has proposed a new complementary priority Objective 6,

Whereas this transitional arrangement will also be re-evaluated and revised simultaneously with the main framework Regulation (EEC) No 2081/93 on structural instruments and policies in 1999,

Whereas the criteria and the list of regions eligible for this new Objective have to be decided upon,

Whereas additional resources will be made available for this new Objective,

Whereas the procedures applying to this new Objective have to be defined,

HAVE AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

Article 1

Until 31 December 1999, the Structural Funds, the Financial Instrument for Fisheries Guidance (FIFG) and the European Investment Bank (EIB) shall each contribute in an appropriate fashion to a further priority Objective in addition to the five referred to in Article 1 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 2052/88, as amended by Council Regulation (EEC) No 2081/93, which Objective shall be:

- to promote the development and structural adjustment of regions with an extremely low population density (hereinafter referred to as 'Objective 6`).

Article 2

Areas covered by Objective 6 shall in principle represent or belong to regions at NUTS level II with a population density of 8 persons per km2 or less. In addition, Community assistance may, subject to the requirement of concentration, also extend to adjacent and contiguous smaller areas fulfilling the same population density criterion.

Such regions and areas, referred to in this Protocol as 'regions` covered by Objective 6, are listed in Annex 1.

Article 3

For the period 1995 to 1999 the sum of ECU 1 109 million, at 1995 prices, shall be considered the appropriate amount of Community resources to be committed by the Structural Funds and the FIFG in the regions covered by Objective 6 listed in Annex 1. Annex 2 sets out the breakdown of resources by year and Member State. Those resources shall be in addition to the funds already scheduled for payment from the Structural Funds and the FIFG pursuant to Council Regulation (EEC) No 2052/88, as amended by Council Regulation (EEC) No 2081/93.

Article 4

Subject to Articles 1, 2 and 3 above, the provisions of the undernoted Regulations, in particular the provisions applying to Objective 1, shall apply to Objective 6:

- Council Regulation (EEC) No 2080/93;

- Council Regulations (EEC) Nos 2052/88, 4253/88, 4254/88, 4255/88 and 4256/88, as amended by Council Regulations (EEC) Nos 2081/93, 2082/93, 2083/93, 2084/93 and 2085/93.

Article 5

The provisions of this Protocol, including the eligibility of the regions listed in Annex 1 for assistance from the Structural Funds, shall be re-examined in 1999 simultaneously with the framework Regulation (EEC) No 2081/93 on structural instruments and policies and in accordance with the procedures laid down in that Regulation.

ANNEX 1

Regions covered by Objective 6

Finland:

The northern and eastern NUTS level II regions made up of the 'Maakunta` (NUTS level III region) of Lappi and the three 'Maakunnat` of Kainuu, Pohjois-Karjala and Etelä-Savo and including the following adjacent areas:

- in the 'Maakunta` of Pohjois-Pohjanmaa: the 'Seutukunnat` of Ii, Pyhäntä, Kuusamo and Nivala

- in the 'Maakunta` of Pohjois-Savo: the 'Seutukunta` of Nilsiä

- in the 'Maakunta` of Keski-Suomi: the 'Seutukunnat` of Saarijärvi and Viitasaari

- in the 'Maakunta` of Keski-Pohjanmaa: the 'Seutukunta` of Kaustinen.

Norway:

The NUTS level II region of northern Norway made up of the 'Fylke` (NUTS level III region) of: Finnmark, Troms, Nordland and Nord-Trøndelag.

Sweden:

The NUTS level II region of northern Sweden made up of the 'län` (NUTS level III region) of Norrbotten, Västerbotten and Jämtland, excluding the following areas:

- in Norrbotten: the 'kommun` of Luleå, the 'församling` of Överluleå in the 'kommun` of Boden and the 'kommun` of Piteå (except the 'folkbokföringsdistrikt` of Markbygden)

- in Västerbotten: the 'kommuner` of Nordmaling, Robertsfors, Vännäs and Umeå and the 'församlingar` of Boliden, Bureå, Burträsk, Byske, Kågedalen, Lövånger, Sankt Olov, Sankt Örjan and Skellefteå in the 'kommun` of Skellefteå

but including the following adjacent areas:

- in the 'län` of Västernorrland: the 'kommuner` of Ånge and Sollefteå, the 'församlingar` of Holm and Liden in the 'kommun` of Sundsvall, and the 'församlingar` of Anundsjö, Björna, Skorped and Trehörningsjö in the 'kommun` of Örnsköldsvik

- in the 'län` of Gävleborg: the 'kommun` of Ljusdal

- in the 'län` of Kopparberg: the 'kommuner` of Älvdalen, Vansbro, Orsa and Malung and the 'församlingar` of Venjan and Våmhus in the 'kommun` of Mora

- in the 'län` of Värmland: the 'kommun` of Torsby.

The references to NUTS in this Annex do not prejudge the final definitions of NUTS levels in the abovementioned regions and areas.

ANNEX 2

Indicative commitment appropriations for Objective 6

>TABLE>

These figures include, in addition to appropriations allocated to Objectives 3, 4 and 5a, where relevant, commitment appropriations for pilot projects, innovative actions, studies and Community initiatives under Articles 3 and 12 (5) of Council Regulation (EEC) No 2052/88, as amended by Council Regulation (EEC) No 2081/93.

Protocol No 7 on Svalbard

THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES,

CONSIDERING that, whilst Svalbard is excluded from the scope of application of the Treaties on which the Union is founded, subject to the provisions of Article 1 of this Protocol, it is nonetheless desirable to establish arrangements relating to trade in certain products originating in Svalbard, so that trade in those products will continue to take place under the same conditions as those applicable under the Free-Trade Agreement between the EC and the Kingdom of Norway and the Free-Trade Agreement between the Member States of the ECSC and the ECSC, of the one part, and the Kingdom of Norway, of the other part, before the accession of Norway to the Union,

CONSIDERING that the accession of Norway to the European Union implies that, in conformity with the 'acquis communautaire` and in particular the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy, the allocation of all resources to which vessels of the Member States, including Norway, have access in the waters up to 200 miles around Svalbard, and the management of this allocation, will be decided by the Union on the basis of the present practices,

RECOGNIZING the paramount importance of maintaining viable settlements on Svalbard,

HAVE AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

Article 1

The Treaties on which the European Union is founded shall not apply to Svalbard.

However, the accession of Norway to the European Union implies that, in conformity with the 'acquis communautaire` and in particular the rules of the Common Fisheries Policy, the allocation of all resources to which vessels of the Member States, including Norway, have access in the waters up to 200 miles around Svalbard, and the management of this allocation, will be decided by the Union on the basis of the present practices.

Article 2

1. The following goods originating in Svalbard may be imported into the Union free from customs duties, charges having equivalent effect and quantitative restrictions:

>TABLE>

2. The Council, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, may introduce any supplementary arrangements necessary to allow the import into the European Union, under the same conditions, of any goods originating in Svalbard, other than those mentioned in paragraph 1.

3. (a) The products referred to in paragraph 1 shall be considered as originating in Svalbard, for the purpose of this Protocol, where they are wholly obtained there, which means that they have been extracted from the ground in Svalbard.

(b) These products shall, upon importation into the Union, benefit from the provisions of this Protocol upon submission of a declaration given by the exporter on an invoice, a delivery note or any other commercial document.

(c) The Norwegian customs authorities shall take appropriate measures to ensure the proper application of the provisions of this paragraph.

4. The following are incompatible with this Protocol insofar as they may affect trade between the Union and Svalbard:

(i) all agreements between undertakings, decisions by associations of undertakings and concerted practices between undertakings which have as their object or effect the prevention, restriction or distortion of competition as regards the production of or trade in goods;

(ii) abuse by one or more undertakings of a dominant position in the territories of the Contracting Parties as a whole or in a substantial part thereof;

(iii) any public aid which distorts or threatens to distort competition by favouring certain undertakings or the production of certain goods.

5. Where any difficulties arise in the implementation of the provisions of this Article, the Council, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, may adopt appropriate measures.

Article 3

The application of the provisions of this Protocol shall not in any way prejudice the positions of the Contracting Parties in respect of the application of the Treaty of Paris of 1920.

Protocol No 8 on elections to the European Parliament in certain new Member States during the interim period

THE HIGH CONTRACTING PARTIES,

Whereas certain of the new Member States wish to have the possibility of holding elections to the European Parliament during the period between the signature of this Treaty and its entry into force,

HAVE AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

Article 1

Pursuant to Article 31 (3) of this Act of Accession, any new Member State may hold elections to the European Parliament during the interim period between the signature of the Act of Accession and its entry into force in relation to that State.

Article 2

The relevant provisions of the Act of 20 September 1976 concerning the election of the representatives of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage, which is annexed to Decision 76/787/ECSC, EEC, Euratom, as last amended by this Act of Accession, shall be deemed to apply to elections held pursuant to this Protocol.

The elections shall be held in accordance with the arrangements laid down in the Annex to this Protocol.

Article 3

The result of the elections held pursuant to Articles 1 and 2 shall take effect as from the date this Treaty enters into force for the new Member States which have held such elections.

Article 4

With regard to representatives elected pursuant to this Protocol, as from the date of accession of the Member States concerned:

- the European Parliament shall have the powers provided for in Article 11 of the Act of 20 September 1976 concerning the election of representatives of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage;

- the Court of Justice shall have the same powers as if those elections had been held pursuant to Article 31 (1) of the Act of Accession.

ANNEX

Arrangements for elections to the European Parliament in certain new Member States during the interim period

CHAPTER I General provisions

Article 1

For the purpose of this Annex:

- 'elections to the European Parliament` means elections by direct universal suffrage to the European Parliament of representatives in accordance with the Act of 20 September 1976 concerning the election of the representatives of the European Parliament by direct universal suffrage (OJ No L 278, 8.10.1976, p. 5);

- 'electoral territory` means the territory of the new Member State in which, in accordance with the above Act and, within that framework, in accordance with the electoral law of that State, members of the European Parliament are elected by the people of that State;

- 'applicant State` means a new Member State which holds elections to the European Parliament in accordance with this Protocol before the entry into force of this Treaty;

- 'applicant State of residence` means an applicant State in which a citizen of the Union resides but of which he is not a national;

- 'home Member State` means the Member State of which a citizen of the Union is a national;

- 'Community voter` means any citizen of the Union who is entitled to vote in elections to the European Parliament in the applicant State of residence, in accordance with this Annex;

- 'Community national entitled to stand as a candidate` means any citizen of the Union who has the right to stand as a candidate in elections to the European Parliament in the applicant State of residence by virtue of this Annex;

- 'electoral roll` means the official register of all voters entitled to vote in a given constituency or locality, drawn up and kept up to date by the competent authority under the electoral law of the applicant State of residence, or the population register if it indicates eligibility to vote;

- 'reference date` means the day or the days on which citizens of the Union must satisfy, under the law of the applicant State of residence, the requirements for voting or for standing as a candidate in that State;

- 'formal declaration` means a declaration by the person concerned, any inaccuracy in which makes that person liable to penalties, in accordance with the national law applicable.

Article 2

Any person who, on the reference date:

(a) is a citizen of the Union within the meaning of the second subparagraph of Article 8 (1) of the EC Treaty;

(b) is not a national of the applicant State of residence but satisfies the same conditions in respect of the right to vote and to stand as a candidate as that State imposes by law on its own nationals,

shall have the right to vote and to stand as a candidate in elections to the European Parliament in the applicant State of residence unless deprived of those rights pursuant to Articles 5 and 6.

Where, in order to stand as a candidate, nationals of the applicant State of residence must have been nationals for a certain minimum period, citizens of the Union shall be deemed to have met this condition when they have been nationals of a Member State for the same period.

Article 3

1. No person may vote in the applicant State if that person voted in the 1994 elections in any of the Member States.

2. No person may stand as a candidate in the applicant State if he stood as a candidate in the 1994 elections in any of the Member States.

Article 4

If, in order to vote or to stand as candidates, nationals of the applicant State of residence must have spent a certain minimum period as a resident in the electoral territory of that State, a Community voter or a Community national entitled to stand as a candidate shall be deemed to have fulfilled that condition where he has resided for an equivalent period in another Member State. This provision shall not prejudice any specific conditions as to length of residence in a given constituency or locality.

Article 5

1. Any citizen of the Union who resides in the applicant State of which he is not a national and who, through an individual criminal law or civil law decision, has been deprived of his right to stand as a candidate under either the law of the applicant State of residence or the law of his home Member State, shall be precluded from exercising that right in the applicant State of residence in elections to the European Parliament.

2. An application from any citizen of the Union to stand as a candidate in elections to the European Parliament in the applicant State of residence shall be declared inadmissible where that citizen is unable to provide the attestation referred to in Article 9 (2).

Article 6

1. The applicant State of residence may check whether the citizens of the Union who have expressed a desire to exercise their right to vote there have not been deprived of that right in the home Member State through an individual criminal law or civil law decision.

2. For the purposes of paragraph 1, the applicant State of residence may notify the home Member State of the declaration referred to in Article 8 (2). To that end, the relevant and normally available information from the home Member State shall be provided in good time and in an appropriate manner; such information may only include details which are strictly necessary for the implementation of this Article and may be used only for that purpose. If the information provided invalidates the content of the declaration, the Member State of residence shall take the appropriate steps to prevent the person concerned from voting.

3. The home Member State may, in good time and in an appropriate manner, submit to the applicant State of residence any information necessary for the implementation of this Article.

Article 7

1. A Community voter exercises his right to vote in the applicant State of residence if he has expressed the wish to do so.

2. If voting is compulsory in the applicant State of residence, Community voters who have expressed the wish to do so shall be obliged to vote.

CHAPTER II Exercise of the right to vote and the right to stand as a candidate

Article 8

1. The applicant State shall take the necessary measures to enable a Community voter who has expressed the wish to be entered on the electoral roll sufficiently in advance of polling day.

2. In order to have his name entered on the electoral roll, a Community voter shall produce the same documents as a voter who is a national. He shall also produce a formal declaration stating:

(a) his nationality and his address in the electoral territory of the applicant State of residence;

(b) where applicable, the locality or constituency of any other Member State on the electoral roll of which his name was last entered, and

(c) that he has not exercised his right to vote in any of the Member States in the 1994 elections.

3. The applicant State of residence may also require a Community voter to:

(a) state in his declaration under paragraph 2 that he has not been deprived of the right to vote in his home Member State:

(b) produce a valid identity document, and

(c) indicate the date from which he has been resident in that State or in another Member State.

4. Community voters who have been entered on the electoral roll shall remain thereon, under the same conditions as voters who are nationals, until such time as they request to be removed or until such time as they are removed automatically because they no longer satisfy the requirements for exercising the right to vote.

Article 9

1. When he submits his application to stand as a candidate, a Community national shall produce the same supporting documents as a candidate who is a national. He shall also produce a formal declaration stating:

(a) his nationality and his address in the electoral territory of the applicant State of residence;

(b) that he was not standing as a candidate for election to the European Parliament in 1994 in any other Member State, and

(c) where applicable, the locality or constituency of any other Member State on the electoral roll of which his name was last entered.

2. When he submits his application to stand as a candidate a Community national must also produce an attestation from the competent administrative authorities of his home Member State certifying that he has not been deprived of the right to stand as a candidate in that Member State or that no such disqualification is known to those authorities.

3. The applicant State of residence may also require a Community national entitled to stand as a candidate to produce a valid identity document. It may also require him to indicate the date from which he has been a national of a Member State.

Article 10

1. The applicant State of residence shall inform the person concerned of the action taken on his application for entry on the electoral roll or of the decision concerning the admissibility of his application to stand as a candidate.

2. Should a person be refused entry on the electoral roll or his application to stand as a candidate be rejected, the person concerned shall be entitled to legal remedies on the same terms as the legislation of the applicant State of residence prescribes for voters and persons entitled to stand as candidates who are its nationals.

Article 11

The applicant State of residence shall inform Community voters and Community nationals entitled to stand as candidates in good time and in an appropriate manner of the conditions and detailed arrangements for the exercise of the right to vote and to stand as a candidate in elections in that State.

Article 12

The present Member States and the applicant State shall exchange the information required for the implementation of Article 3.

CHAPTER III Derogations and transitional provisions

Article 13

1. If on 1 January 1993, in the applicant State, the proportion of citizens of the Union of voting age who reside in it but are not nationals of it exceeds 20 % of the total number of persons entitled to vote, the applicant State may, by way of derogation from Articles 2, 8, and 9:

(a) restrict the right to vote to Community voters who have resided in the applicant State for a minimum period, which may not exceed five years;

(b) restrict the right to stand as a candidate to Community nationals entitled to stand as candidates who have resided in the applicant State for a minimum period, which may not exceed 10 years.

These provisions are without prejudice to appropriate measures which the applicant State may take with regard to the composition of lists of candidates and which are intended in particular to encourage the integration of non-national citizens of the Union.

However, Community voters and Community nationals entitled to stand as candidates who, owing to the fact that they have taken up residence outside their home Member State or by reason of the duration of such residence, do not have the right to vote or to stand as candidates in that home State shall not be subject to the conditions as to length of residence set out above.

2. The applicant State which invokes derogations under paragraph 1 shall furnish the Commission with all the necessary background information.

Protocol No 9 on road, rail and combined transport in Austria

PART I DEFINITIONS

Article 1

For the purposes of this Protocol, the following definitions shall apply:

(a) 'vehicle` shall be as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EEC) No 881/92, as applied at the date of the signature of the Accession Treaty;

(b) 'international carriage` shall be as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EEC) No 881/92, as applied at the date of signature of the Accession Treaty;

(c) 'transit traffic through Austria` shall mean traffic through Austrian territory from a departure point to a destination, both of which lie outside Austria;

(d) 'heavy goods vehicle` shall mean any motor vehicle with a maximum authorized weight of over 7,5 tonnes registered in a Member State designed to carry goods or haul trailers, including semi-trailer tractor units, and trailers with a maximum authorized weight of over 7,5 tonnes and hauled by a motor vehicle registered in a Member State with a maximum authorized weight of 7,5 tonnes or less;

(e) 'transit of goods by road through Austria` shall mean transit through Austria by heavy goods vehicles, regardless of whether they are laden or not;

(f) 'combined transport` shall mean the carriage of goods by heavy goods vehicles or loading units which complete part of their journey by rail and either begin or end the journey by road, whereby transit traffic may under no circumstances cross Austrian territory on its way to or from a rail terminal by road alone;

(g) 'bilateral journeys` shall mean international carriage on journeys undertaken by a vehicle where the point of departure or arrival is in Austria and the point of arrival or departure, respectively, is in another Member State and unladen journeys undertaken in conjunction with such journeys.

PART II RAIL AND COMBINED TRANSPORT

Article 2

This Part shall apply to measures relating to the provision of rail and combined transport crossing the territory of Austria.

Article 3

The Community and the Member States concerned shall, within the framework of their respective competences, adopt and closely coordinate measures for the development and promotion of rail and combined transport for the trans-Alpine carriage of goods.

Article 4

When establishing the guidelines provided for in Article 129c of the EC Treaty, the Community shall ensure that the axes defined in Annex 1 form part of the trans-European networks for rail and combined transport and are furthermore identified as projects of common interest.

Article 5

The Community and the Member States concerned shall, within the framework of their respective competences, implement the measures listed in Annex 2.

Article 6

The Community and the Member States concerned shall use their best endeavours to develop and utilise the additional railway capacity referred to in Annex 3.

Article 7

The Community and the Member States concerned shall take measures to enhance the provision of rail and combined transport; where appropriate, and subject to other EC Treaty provisions, such measures shall be established in close consultation with railway companies and other railway service providers. Priority should be given to those measures set out in the Community's provisions on railways and combined transport. In implementing any measures, particular attention shall be attached to the competitiveness, effectiveness and cost transparency of rail and combined transport. In particular, the Member States concerned shall endeavour to take such measures so as to ensure that prices for combined transport are competitive with those for other modes of transport. Any aid granted to these ends shall comply with Community rules.

Article 8

The Community and the Member States concerned shall, in the event of a serious disturbance in rail transit, such as a natural disaster, take all possible concerted action to maintain the flow of traffic. Priority shall be given to sensitive loads, such as perishable foods.

Article 9

The Commission, acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 16, shall review the operation of this Part.

PART III ROAD TRANSPORT

Article 10

This Part shall apply to the carriage of goods by road on journeys carried out within the territory of the Community.

Article 11

1. For journeys which involve transit of goods by road through Austria, the regime established for journeys on own account and for journeys for hire or reward under the First Council Directive of 23 July 1962 and Council Regulation (EEC) No 881/92 shall apply subject to the provisions of this Article.

2. Until 1 January 1998, the following provisions shall apply:

(a) The total of NOx emissions from heavy goods vehicles crossing Austria in transit shall be reduced by 60 % in the period between 1 January 1992 and 31 December 2003, according to the table in Annex 4.

(b) The reductions in total NOx emissions from heavy goods vehicles shall be administered according to an ecopoints system. Under that system any heavy goods vehicle crossing Austria in transit shall require a number of ecopoints equivalent to its NOx emissions (authorized under the Conformity of Production (COP) value or type-approval value). The method of calculation and administration of such points is described in Annex 5.

(c) If the number of transit journeys in any year exceeds the reference figure established for 1991 by more than 8 %, the Commission, acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 16, shall adopt appropriate measures in accordance with paragraph 3 of Annex 5.

(d) Austria shall issue and make available in good time the ecopoints cards required for the administration of the ecopoints system, pursuant to Annex 5, for heavy goods vehicles crossing Austria in transit.

(e) The ecopoints shall be distributed by the Commission among Member States in accordance with provisions to be established in accordance with paragraph 6.

3. Before 1 January 1998, the Council, on the basis of a report by the Commission, shall review the operation of provisions concerning transit of goods by road through Austria. The review shall take place in conformity with basic principles of Community law, such as the proper functioning of the internal market, in particular the free movement of goods and freedom to provide services, protection of the environment in the interest of the Community as a whole, and traffic safety. Unless the Council, acting unanimously on a proposal from the Commission and after consulting the European Parliament, decides otherwise, the transitional period shall be extended to 1 January 2001, during which the provisions of paragraph 2 shall apply.

4. Before 1 January 2001, the Commission, in cooperation with the European Environment Agency, shall make a scientific study of the degree to which the objective concerning reduction of pollution set out in paragraph 2 (a) has been achieved. If the Commission concludes that this objective has been achieved on a sustainable basis, the provisions of paragraph 2 shall cease to apply on 1 January 2001. If the Commission concludes that this objective has not been achieved on a sustainable basis the Council, acting in accordance with Article 75 of the EC Treaty, may adopt measures, within a Community framework, which ensure equivalent protection of the environment, in particular a 60 % reduction of pollution. If the Council does not adopt such measures, the transitional period shall be automatically extended for a final period of three years, during which the provisions of paragraph 2 shall apply.

5. At the end of the transitional period, the 'acquis communautaire` in its entirety shall be applied.

6. The Commission, acting in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 16, shall adopt detailed measures concerning the procedures relating to the ecopoints system, the distribution of ecopoints and technical questions concerning the application of this Article, which shall enter into force on the date of accession of Austria.

The measures referred to in the first subparagraph shall ensure that the factual situation for the present Member States resulting from the application of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3637/92 and of the Administrative Arrangement, signed on 23 December 1992, setting the date of entry into force and the procedures for the introduction of the ecopoints system referred to in the Transit Agreement, is maintained. All necessary efforts shall be made to ensure that the share of ecopoints allocated to Greece takes sufficient account of Greek needs in this context.

Article 12

1. For international carriage of goods on journeys between Member States, the regime established under Council Regulation (EEC) No 881/92 shall apply subject to the provisions set out in this Article. These provisions shall be applicable until 31 December 1996.

2. For bilateral journeys, existing quotas shall be progressively liberalized and full freedom to provide transport services shall be effective as from 1 January 1997. A first stage of liberalization shall take effect on the date of accession of Austria, a second stage on 1 January 1996.

If necessary, the Council, acting by a qualified majority on a proposal from the Commission, may take appropriate measures to that effect.

3. The Council, acting in accordance with Article 75 of the Treaty, shall adopt appropriate and simple measures to prevent circumvention of the provisions of Article 11 by 1 January 1997 at the latest.

4. As long as the provisions of Article 11 (2) apply, the Member States, in the framework of their mutual cooperation, shall, if necessary, take measures compatible with the EC Treaty against misuse of the ecopoints system.

5. Hauliers with a Community authorization issued by the competent authorities in Austria shall not be entitled to carry out an international carriage of goods on journeys where neither loading nor unloading takes place in Austria. All such journeys involving transit through Austria shall, however, be subject to the provisions of Article 11 and also, with the exception of journeys between Germany and Italy, to existing quotas, which shall be subject to the provisions of paragraph 2 above.

Article 13

1. Until 31 December 1996, the provisions of Regulation (EEC) No 3118/93 shall not apply to hauliers with a Community authorization issued by the competent authorities in Austria for the operation of national road haulage services in other Member States.

2. During the same period, the provisions of Regulation (EEC) No 3118/93 shall not apply to hauliers with a Community authorization issued by the competent authorities in another Member State for the operation of national road haulage services in Austria.

Article 14

1. There shall be no controls at the borders between Austria and other Member States. However, in derogation from Regulations (EEC) No 4060/89 and (EEC) No 3912/92 and notwithstanding Article 153 of the Act of Accession, non-discriminatory physical controls requiring vehicles to halt in order solely to verify ecopoints issued under the provisions of Article 11, and transport authorizations referred to in Article 12, may be retained until 31 December 1996. Such controls shall not unduly slow down the normal flow of traffic.

2. To the extent necessary, any control methods including electronic systems applicable after 31 December 1996 and relating to the implementation of Article 11 shall be decided in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 16.

Article 15

1. Austria may, in derogation from Article 7 (f) of Directive 93/89/EEC, apply, until 31 December 1995, user charges at a maximum level of ECU 3.750 per year including administrative costs and, until 31 December 1996, at a maximum level of ECU 2 500 per year including administrative costs.

2. If Austria makes use of the possibility mentioned in paragraph 1, it shall, in accordance with the first sentence of Article 7 (g) of Directive 93/89/EEC, apply until 31 December 1995 a user charge at a maximum level of ECU 18 per day, ECU 99 per week and ECU 375 per month including administrative costs and, until 31 December 1996, at a maximum level of ECU 12 per day, ECU 66 per week and ECU 250 per month including administrative costs.

3. Austria shall apply a reduction of 50 % to the rates of user charges mentioned in paragraphs 1 and 2 of this Article in favour of vehicles registered in Ireland and Portugal until 31 December 1996, and in Greece until 31 December 1997.

4. Until 31 December 1995 Italy may apply to vehicles registered in Austria a charge at a maximum level of ECU 6,5 per entrance including administrative costs and, until 31 December 1996, at a maximum level of ECU 3,5 per entrance including administrative costs. This charge shall be administered in a manner consistent with Article 7 (c) of Directive 93/89/EEC.

PART IV GENERAL PROVISIONS

Article 16

1. The Commission shall be assisted by a Committee composed of the representatives of the Member States and chaired by the representative of the Commission.

2. When reference is made to the procedure laid down in this Article, the representative of the Commission shall submit to the Committee a draft of the measures to be taken. The Committee shall deliver its opinion on the draft within a time limit which the Chairman may lay down according to the urgency of the matter. The opinion shall be delivered by the majority laid down in Article 148 (2) of the EC Treaty in the case of decisions which the Council is required to adopt on a proposal from the Commission. The votes of the representatives of the Member States within the Committee shall be weighted in the manner set out in that Article. The Chairman shall not vote.

3. The Commission shall adopt the measures envisaged if they are in accordance with the opinion of the Committee.

If the measures envisaged are not in accordance with the opinion of the Committee, or if no opinion is delivered, the Commission shall without delay submit to the Council a proposal relating to the measures to be taken. The Council shall act by a qualified majority.

4. If, on the expiry of a period of three months from the date of referral to the Council, the Council has not acted, the proposed measures shall be adopted by the Commission.

ANNEX 1

MAIN AXES FOR TRANSALPINE RAIL AND COMBINED TRANSPORT referred to in Article 4 of the Protocol

1. The main European rail routes which run through Austrian territory and are relevant to transit traffic are as follows:

1.1. The Brenner route

Munich - Verona - Bologna

1.2. The Tauern route

Munich - Salzburg - Villach - Tarvisio - Udine/Rosenbach-Ljubljana

1.3. The Pyhrn - Schober Pass route

Regensburg - Graz - Spielfeld/Straß - Maribor

1.4. The Danube route

Nuremberg - Vienna - Nickelsdorf/Sopron/Bratislava

1.5. The Pontebbana route

Prague - Vienna - Travisio - Pontebba - Udine

2. The corresponding extensions and terminals form part of these main routes.

ANNEX 2

INFRASTRUCTURE MEASURES FOR RAIL AND COMBINED TRANSPORT referred to in Article 5 of the Protocol

(a) IN AUSTRIA:

1.Brenner route

1.1. Short-term measures:

- measures affecting safety and operations,

- introduction of computer-assisted train monitoring,

- new block system arrangements,

- installation of points for track changes between stations,

- reconstruction of Wörgl Station,

- extensions to passing tracks in stations.

1.2. Long-term measures:

Such measures will be dependent on the decision to be taken regarding the construction of the Brenner base tunnel.

2. Tauern route

2.1. Short-term measures:

- continuation of track-doubling,

- safety improvements.

2.2. Medium-term measures:

ad hoc line improvements,

- increase in section maximum speed,

- shortening of block (signal) sections,

- continuation of track-doubling.

3. Pyhrn-Schober route

3.1. Short-term measures:

- removal of the night-running ban on the Pyhrn section,

- removal of the night-running ban on the Hieflau section,

- construction of the Traun-Marchtrenk curve.

3.2. Medium-term measures:

- station upgrading and conversions,

- improvement of safety systems,

- shortening of block (signal) sections,

- removal of level crossings,

- selective track doubling.

3.3. Long-term measures:

- continuation of track-doubling on the entire Passau - Spielfeld/Straß section,

- reconstruction of St Michael - Bruck section.

4. Danube route

Measures to increase the capacity on the Vienna - Wels section.

(b) IN GERMANY:

1. Short-term measures:

- combined transport terminals at Munich-Riem and Duisburg Port,

- upgrading of the Munich - Rosenheim - Kufstein section; in particular: reserved tracks for the S-Bahn (urban railway) between Zorneding and Grafing,

- shortening of block sections (improvement of division into sections) between Grafing and Rosenheim and between Rosenheim and Kiefersfelden,

- construction of passing tracks (e.g. between the stations at Großkarolinenfeld, Raubling and Fischbach),

- construction of rail-free access for platforms at Großkarolinenfeld Station, and

- track layout changes at Rosenheim Station and further measures at the following stations: Aßling, Ostermünchen, Brannenburg, Oberaudorf and Kiefersfelden.

2. Medium-term measures (up to the end of 1998, subject to planning permission):

- upgrading of the Munich - Mühldorf - Freilassing corridor.

(c) IN ITALY:

Brenner:

- the widening of tunnels on the Brenner - Verona line in order to permit the carriage of heavy goods vehicles with a corner height of 4 metres in accompanied or unaccompanied combined transport,

- the upgrading of the Verona-Quadrante Europa intermodal centre,

- above ground track reinforcement and construction of new substations,

- the implementation of further technical measures (automatic block and two-way working on the busy stretches leading to the stations of Verona, Trento, Bolzano and Brenner) in order to increase capacity and further improve safety.

(d) IN THE NETHERLANDS:

Construction of a rail service centre in the Rotterdam conurbation.

Railway link for goods transport (Betuwe line)

Definitions:

>TABLE>

ANNEX 3

RAILWAY CAPACITY

referred to in Article 6 of the Protocol

1. AUSTRIAN RAILWAYS' ADDITIONAL CAPACITY FOR CARRIAGE OF GOODS IN TRANSIT THROUGH AUSTRIA

>TABLE>

2. POTENTIAL CAPACITY INCREASE IN CONSIGNMENTS OR TONNES

Immediately:

Since 1 December 1989 Austria has introduced 39 more goods and combined transport trains into Brenner transit.

In the short term:

Short-term expansion will more than double rail capacity for transit through Austria. From 1996 onwards, depending on the combined transport technology used, there will, in addition, be an increase in annual combined transport capacity of up to 1,8 million consignments or up to 33 million tonnes.

In the medium term:

By 1998 this capacity will be expanded by a further 10 million tonnes a year through additional selective two-track development and safety and operating improvements on the transit routes.

In the long term:

The Pyhrn-Schober route will be upgraded to two-track running. A Brenner base tunnel should further improve capacity on the Brenner route to as many as 400 trains a day. Depending on the technology chosen, the newly created combined rail transport capacity could rise to 60 to 89 million tonnes a year after 2010.

Definitions:

>TABLE>

ANNEX 4 referred to in Article 11 (2) (a) of the Protocol

>TABLE>

The figures in column 3 shall be adapted in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 16 to take account of transit journeys by heavy goods vehicles registered in Finland, Norway and Sweden, based on indicative values for the respective countries calculated on the basis of the number of transit journeys in 1991 and a standard value of NOx emission of 15,8 grammes NOx/kWh.

ANNEX 5

CALCULATION AND ADMINISTRATION OF ECOPOINTS referred to in Article 11 (2) (b) of the Protocol

1. The following documents shall be submitted for each heavy goods vehicle each time it travels through Austria (in either direction):

(a) a document showing the COP value for NOx emissions from the vehicle in question;

(b) a valid ecopoints card issued by the competent authority.

Concerning (a):

in the case of heavy goods vehicles registered after 1 October 1990, the document showing the COP value shall be a certificate issued by the appropriate authority giving details of an official COP value for NOx emissions or the type-approval certificate showing the date of registration and value established for type-approval purposes. In the latter case, the COP value shall be the type-approval increased by 10 %. Once such a value has been determined for a vehicle it cannot be changed during the vehicle's life.

In the case of vehicles registered before 1 October 1990 and vehicles for which no certificate has been submitted, a COP value of 15,8 g/kWh shall be set.

Concerning (b):

the ecopoints card shall contain a certain number of points and shall be endorsed as follows on the basis of the COP value for the vehicles in question:

1. each g/kWh NOx emission corresponding to the value shown in the document referred to in 1 (a) shall count as one point:

2. NOx emission values shall be rounded up to the next full point when they are to a decimal place of 0,5 or more, otherwise they shall be rounded down.

2. The Commission, acting in accordance with the procedures laid down in Article 16, shall at threemonth intervals calculate the number of journeys and the average NOx value of the heavy goods vehicles detailed for each nationality.

3. If Article 11 (2) (c) applies, the number of ecopoints for the following year shall be established as follows:

The quarterly average NOx emission values for lorries in the current year, calculated in accordance with paragraph 2 above, will be extrapolated to produce the average NOx emission value anticipated for the following year. The forecast value, multiplied by 0,0658 and by the number of ecopoints for 1991 set out in Annex 4, will be the number of ecopoints for the year in question.

Protocol No 10 On the use of specific austrian terms of the german language in the framework of the European Union

In the framework of the European Union, the following shall apply:

1. The specific Austrian terms of the German language contained in the Austrian legal order and listed in the Annex to this Protocol shall have the same status and may be used with the same legal effect as the corresponding terms used in Germany listed in that Annex.

2. In the German language version of new legal acts the specific Austrian terms mentioned in the Annex to this Protocol shall be added in appropriate form to the corresponding terms used in Germany.

ANNEX

>TABLE>

FINAL ACT (94/C 241/09)

I. TEXT OF THE FINAL ACT

The Plenipotentiaries of:

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF THE BELGIANS,

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF DENMARK,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF GERMANY,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE HELLENIC REPUBLIC,

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF SPAIN,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE FRENCH REPUBLIC,

THE PRESIDENT OF IRELAND,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE ITALIAN REPUBLIC,

HIS ROYAL HIGHNESS THE GRAND DUKE OF LUXEMBOURG,

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF THE NETHERLANDS,

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF NORWAY,

THE FEDERAL PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF AUSTRIA,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE PORTUGUESE REPUBLIC,

THE PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF FINLAND,

HIS MAJESTY THE KING OF SWEDEN,

HER MAJESTY THE QUEEN OF THE UNITED KINGDOM OF GREAT BRITAIN AND NORTHERN IRELAND,

Assembled at Corfu on the twenty-fourth day of June in the year one thousand nine hundred and ninety-four on the occasion of the signature of the Treaty concerning the accession of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden to the European Union,

Have placed on record the fact that the following texts have been drawn up and adopted within the Conference between the Member States of the European Union and the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland, and the Kingdom of Sweden:

I. the Treaty concerning the accession of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland, and the Kingdom of Sweden to the European Union,

II. the Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties,

III. the texts listed below which are annexed to the Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties:

A. Annex I: List provided for in Article 29 of the Act of Accession

Annex II: List provided for in Article 30 of the Act of Accession

Annex III: Provisions referred to in Article 32 of the Act of Accession

Annex IV: List provided for in Article 39 (1) of the Act of Accession

Annex V: List provided for in Article 39 (5) of the Act of Accession

Annex VI: List provided for in Articles 54, 73, 97 and 126 of the Act of Accession

Annex VII: List provided for in Article 56 of the Act of Accession

Annex VIII: Provisions referred to in Article 69 of the Act of Accession

Annex IX: List provided for in Article 71 (2) of the Act of Accession

Annex X: Provisions referred to in Article 84 of the Act of Accession

Annex XI: List provided for in Article 99 of the Act of Accession

Annex XII: Provisions referred to in Article 112 of the Act of Accession

Annex XIII: List provided for in Article 138 (5) of the Act of Accession

Annex XIV: List provided for in Article 140 of the Act of Accession

Annex XV: List provided for in Article 151 of the Act of Accession

Annex XVI: List provided for in Article 165 (1) of the Act of Accession

Annex XVII: List provided for in Article 165 (2) of the Act of Accession

Annex XVIII: List provided for in Article 167 of the Act of Accession

Annex XIX: List provided for in Article 168 of the Act of Accession

B. Protocol No 1 on the statute of the European Investment Bank

Protocol No 2 on the Åland islands

Protocol No 3 on the Sami people

Protocol No 4 on the petroleum sector in Norway

Protocol No 5 on the participation of the new Member States in the funds of the European Coal and Steel Community

Protocol No 6 on special provisions for Objective 6 in the framework of the Structural Funds in Finland, Norway and Sweden

Protocol No 7 on Svalbard

Protocol No 8 on elections to the European Parliament in certain new Member States during the interim period

Protocol No 9 on road, rail and combined transport in Austria

Protocol No 10 on the use of specific Austrian terms of the German language in the framework of the European Union

C. The texts:

- of the Treaty establishing the European Community and of the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, together with the Treaties amending or supplementing them, including the Treaty concerning accession of the Kingdom of Denmark, Ireland and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the European Economic Community and to the European Atomic Energy Community, the Treaty concerning the accession of the Hellenic Republic to the European Economic Community and the European Atomic Energy Community, and the Treaty concerning the accession of the Kingdom of Spain and of the Portuguese Republic to the European Economic Community and the European Atomic Energy Community,

- of the Treaty on European Union,

in the Finnish, Norwegian and Swedish languages.

Furthermore, the Plenipotentiaries have adopted the Declarations listed below, annexed to this Final Act.

1. Joint Declaration on Common Foreign and Security Policy

2. Joint Declaration on Article 157 (4) of the Act of Accession

3. Joint Declaration on the Court of Justice of the European Communities

4. Joint Declaration on the application of the Euratom Treaty

5. Joint Declaration on secondary residences

6. Joint Declaration on standards for the protection of the environment, health and product safety

7. Joint Declaration on Articles 32, 69, 84, and 112 of the Act of Accession

8. Joint Declaration on the institutional procedures of the Accession Treaty

9. Joint Declaration on Article 172 of the Act of Accession

Hecho en Corfú, el veinticuatro de junio de mil novecientos noventa y cuatro.

Udfærdiget i Korfu den fireogtyvende juni nitten hundrede og fireoghalvfems.

Geschehen zu Korfu am vierundzwanzigsten Juni neunzehnhundertvierundneunzig.

¸ãéíå óôçí ÊÝñêõñá, óôéò åßêïóé ôÝóóåñéò Éïõíßïõ ÷ßëéá åííéáêüóéá åíåíÞíôá ôÝóóåñá.

Done at Corfu on the twenty-fourth day of June in the year one thousand nine hundred and ninety-four.

Fait à Corfou, le vingt-quatre juin mil neuf cent quatre-vingt-quatorze.

Arna dhéanamh in Corfú ar an ceathrú lá is fiche de Mheitheamh sa bhliain míle naoi gcéad nócha ceathair.

Fatto a Corfù, addì ventiquattro giugno millenovecentonovantaquattro.

Gedaan te Korfoe, de vierentwintigste juni negentienhonderd vierennegentig.

Utferdiget på Korfu den tjuefjerde juni nittenhundreognittifire.

Feito em Corfu, em vinte e quatro de Junho de mil novecentos e noventa e quatro.

Tehty Korfulla kahdentenakymmenentenäneljäntenä päivänä kesäkuuta vuonna tuhat

yhdeksänsataayhdeksänkymmentäneljä.

Upprättat på Korfu den tjugofjärde juni år nittonhundranittiofyra.

Pour Sa Majesté le Roi des Belges

Voor Zijne Majesteit de Koning der Belgen

Für Seine Majestät der König der Belgier

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

For Hendes Majestæt Danmarks Dronning

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Für den Präsidenten der Bundesrepublik Deutschland

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Ãéá ôïí Ðñüåäñï ôçò ÅëëçíéêÞò Äçìïêñáôßáò

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Por Su Majestad el Rey de España

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Pour le Président de la République française

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Thar ceann Uachtarán na hÉireann

For the President of Ireland

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Per il Presidente della Repubblica italiana

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Pour Son Altesse Royale le Grand-Duc de Luxembourg

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Voor Hare Majesteit de Koningin der Nederlanden

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

For Hans Majestet Konget av Norge

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Für den Bundespräsidenten der Republik Österreich

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Pelo Presidente da República Portuguesa

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

Suomen Tasavallan Presidentin puolesta

För Republiken Finlands President

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

För Hans Majestät Konungen av Sverige

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

For Her Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

II. DECLARATIONS ADOPTED BY THE PLENIPOTENTIARIES

1. Joint Declaration on Common Foreign and Security Policy

1. The Union notes the confirmation by Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden of their full acceptance of the rights and obligations attaching to the Union and its institutional framework, known as the 'acquis communautaire`, as it applies to present Member States. This includes in particular the content, principles and political objectives of the Treaties, including those of the Treaty on European Union.

The Union and the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden agree that:

- accession to the Union should strengthen the internal coherence of the Union and its capacity to act effectively in foreign and security policy;

- the new Member States will, from the time of their accession, be ready and able to participate fully and actively in the Common Foreign and Security Policy as defined in the Treaty on European Union;

- the new Member States will, on accession, take on in their entirety and without reservation all the objectives of the Treaty, the provisions of Title V thereof, and the relevant declarations attached to it;

- the new Member States will be ready and able to support the specific policies of the Union in force at the time of their accession.

2. With regard to Member States' obligations deriving from the Treaty on European Union concerning the implementation of the Union's Common Foreign and Security Policy it is understood that on the day of accession the legal framework of the acceding countries will be compatible with the 'acquis`.

2. Joint Declaration on Article 157 (4) of the Act of Accession

The new Member States will take part in a system involving the rotation of three Advocates-General in the alphabetical order applied at present, it being understood that Germany, France, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom will not take part in that system, as they will have a permanent Advocate-General each. The alphabetical order is thus the following:

Belgique (1988-1994), Danmark (1991-1997), Ellas (1994-2000), Ireland, Luxembourg, Nederland, Norge, Österreich, Portugal, Suomi, Sverige.

It follows that as from accession one Advocate-General of Spanish nationality and one of Irish nationality will be appointed. The term of office of the Spanish Advocate-General will expire on 6 October 1997, and the term of office of the Irish Advocate-General will expire on 6 October 2000.

3. Joint Declaration on the Court of Justice of the European Communities

Such additional measures as may prove necessary following the accession of the new Member States should be taken by the Council which, at the request of the Court, may increase the number of Advocates-General to nine and make the necessary adjustments pursuant to the provisions of the third paragraph of Article 32a of the ECSC Treaty, the third paragraph of Article 166 of the EC Treaty and the third paragraph of Article 138 of the Euratom Treaty.

4. Joint Declaration on the application of the Euratom Treaty

The Contracting Parties, recalling that the Treaties on which the European Union is founded apply to all Member States on a non-discriminatory basis and without prejudice to the rules governing the internal market, acknowledge that, as Contracting Parties to the Treaty establishing the European Atomic Energy Community, Member States decide to produce or not to produce nuclear energy according to their specific policy orientations.

As regards the back end of the nuclear fuel cycle, it is the responsibility of each Member State to define its own policy.

5. Joint Declaration on secondary residences

Nothing in the 'acquis communautaire` prevents individual Member States from taking national, regional or local measures regarding secondary residences, provided that they are necessary for land-use planning and environmental protection and apply without direct or indirect discrimination between nationals of the Member States in conformity with the 'acquis`.

6. Joint Declaration on standards for the protection of the environment, health and product safety

The Contracting Parties emphasize the great importance of promoting a high level of health, safety and environmental protection as part of Community action, in conformity with the objectives and in accordance with the criteria laid down in the Treaty on European Union. In this context they also refer to the Resolution of 1 February 1993 on a Community programme of policy and action in relation to the environment and sustainable development.

Conscious of the attachment of the new Member States to the preservation of the standards they have implemented in certain fields, owing in particular to their special geographical and climatic conditions, the Contracting Parties have agreed, exceptionally and for specific cases, on a procedure for examining the existing 'acquis communautaire`, with the full participation of the new Member States, under the terms and conditions laid down in the Accession Treaty.

Without prejudice to the outcome of the agreed examination procedure, the Contracting Parties undertake to make every endeavour to conclude that procedure before the expiry of the transitional period laid down. At the end of the transitional period, the entire 'acquis communautaire` will be applicable in the new Member States under the same conditions as in the present Member States of the Union.

7. Joint Declaration on Articles 32, 69, 84, and 112 of the Act of Accession

The Contracting Parties recall that in the Ministerial meeting of 21 December 1993 the Conferences noted that:

- the goal of the agreed solution is to take decisions before the end of the transitional period;

- the review of the acquis communautaire shall be without prejudice to the result;

- when undertaking the review the Union will also take into account the criteria laid down in Article 130r(3) of the EC Treaty.

8. Joint Declaration on the institutional procedures of the Accession Treaty

In adopting the institutional provisions of the Accession Treaty, the Member States and the applicant countries agree that, as well as examining the legislative role of the European Parliament and the other matters envisaged in the Treaty on European Union, the Intergovernmental Conference to be convened in 1996 will consider the questions relating to the number of members of the Commission and the weighting of the votes of the Member States in the Council. It will also consider any measures deemed necessary to facilitate the work of the Institutions and guarantee their effective operation.

9. Joint Declaration on Article 172 of the Act of Accession

The Contracting Parties note that any amendment to the EEA Agreement and the Agreement between the EFTA States on the establishment of a Surveillance Authority and a Court of Justice needs the consent of the contracting parties concerned.

The Plenipotentiaries have taken note of the exchange of letters on the arrangement regarding the procedure for adopting certain decisions and other measures to be taken during the period preceding accession which has been reached within the Conference between the European Union and the States which have applied for accession to that Union and which is annexed to this Final Act.

Finally, the following Declarations have been made and are annexed to this Final Act:

A. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Kingdom of Norway

10. Joint Declaration on management of fisheries resources in waters north of 62° N

11. Joint Declaration on the 12-mile limit

12. Joint Declaration on ownership of fishing vessels

13. Joint Declaration on the supply of raw material for the fish processing industry in northern Norway

14. Declaration ad Article 147 on the Norwegian food processing industry

15. Joint Declaration on Svalbard

B. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Republic of Austria

16. Joint Declaration on the free movement of workers

17. Joint Declaration on safeguard measures under the agreements with countries of Central and Eastern Europe

18. Joint Declaration on the resolution of outstanding technical questions in the transport field

19. Joint Declaration on weights and dimensions for road transport vehicles

20. Joint Declaration on the Brenner base tunnel

21. Joint Declaration on Articles 6 and 76 of the Act of Accession

C. Joint declarations: The present Member States / Republic of Finland

22. Joint Declaration on safeguarding Finland's transport links

23. Joint Declaration on the shipment of radioactive waste

24. Joint Declaration on the Non-Proliferation Treaty

D. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Kingdom of Sweden

25. Joint Declaration on the Non-Proliferation Treaty

26. Joint Declaration on Article 127 of the Act of Accession

E. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Various new Member States

27. Joint Declaration: Norway, Austria, Sweden: on PCB/PCT

28. Joint Declaration on Nordic Cooperation

29. Joint Declaration on the number of animals eligible for the suckler-cow premium for Norway and Finland

30. Joint Declaration: Finland, Sweden: on the fishing possibilities in the Baltic Sea

31. Declaration on the processing industry in Austria and Finland

F. Declarations by the present Member States

32. Declaration on the Åland islands

33. Declaration on relative stability

34. Declaration on the solution of the environmental problems caused by traffic of heavy goods vehicles

35. Declaration on compliance with the Union's undertakings in agricultural matters under instruments which are not included in the Act of Accession

36. Declaration on agro-environmental measures

37. Declaration on mountain areas and less-favoured areas (LFAs)

G. Declarations by the Kingdom of Norway

38. Declaration by the Kingdom of Norway on the Norwegian language

39. Declaration by the Kingdom of Norway on Sami matters

40. Declaration by the Kingdom of Norway on transparency

H. Declarations by the Republic of Austria

41. Declaration by the Republic of Austria on Article 109g of the EC Treaty

42. Declaration by the Republic of Austria on TV broadcasting

43. Declaration by the Republic of Austria on pricing of combined transport on the Brenner route

44. Declaration by the Republic of Austria on Article 14 of Protocol No 9 on road, rail and combined transport in Austria

I. Declarations by the Republic of Finland

45. Declaration by the Republic of Finland on transparency

J. Declarations by the Kingdom of Sweden

46. Declaration by the Kingdom of Sweden on social policy

47. Declaration by the Kingdom of Sweden on open government and Declaration made by the Union in response

K. Declarations by various new Member States

48. Joint Declaration by the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden regarding fisheries

49. Declaration by Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden on Articles 3 and 4 of the Act of Acession

50. Declaration by the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden on alcohol monopolies

III. OTHER DECLARATIONS

A. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Kingdom of Norway

10. Joint Declaration on management of fisheries resources in waters north of 62° N

The Contracting Parties note the vulnerable and sensitive eco-system of the Barents Sea and northern waters, and recognize the vital need to maintain sound management, based on sustainable conservation and optimal utilisation of all stocks in these waters.

They agree that upon the integration of these waters into the common fisheries policy (CFP), such integration shall be based on the existing management regime in order to continue and improve current technical, control and enforcement standards.

They agree that established regional marine research and scientific institutions close to the relevant waters should continue to make important contributions to the decision-making process in order to provide for rapid and necessary management decisions within the framework of the CFP.

They agree that the negotiations with Russia conducted within the framework of the CFP should be inspired by the principles and practices developed in the Joint Norwegian-Russian Fisheries Commission.

They agree that the present system, whereby consultation with interested fisheries organisations are carried out before negotiations with Russia take place, should be maintained.

They further agree that management objectives and measures include:

- that due account be taken of the interrelationship between stocks in a multi-species, management perspective,

- that the management of pelagic stocks should take into account that such species constitute an important source of food for other species,

- that optimal and stable outtake of the stocks should be ensured, in the long term,

- that when fixing the TAC for a stock, due account should be taken of the conservation of the spawning stock to ensure sufficient recruitment,

- that catches of demersal stocks considered to be within safe biological limits, should be kept within the reproductive ability of the stock and take due account of the special conditions relevant for each individual stock,

- that for demersal stocks outside safe biological limits, measures should be taken to rebuild the stock to sustainable level, also taking into account the minimum requirements of the fishing industry,

- that considerable significance will continue to be attached to the advice of the Advisory Committee on Fisheries Management (ACFM).

The Contracting Parties recognize that the special interests of Norway as the coastal state in waters North of 62° N and of all parties concerned must be taken into account in the future management of these waters according to the rules of the common fisheries policy.

In addition, and as a temporary derogation to the rules in order to encourage a gradual integration of Norway to the CFP, the Contracting Parties have agreed that from the date of accession:

1. Norway is authorized to establish TAC levels and to maintain its fisheries agreement with Russia for a transitional period until 1 July 1998 at the latest; during this transitional period, the establishment of TAC levels and the management of this agreement is ensured by Norway in close association with the Commission;

2. Norway can maintain in these waters on a non-discriminatory basis its current system of:

- technical regulations for a transitional period of 1 year,

- a discard ban for a transitional period of 3 years,

- control measures, and in particular the closing and opening of sensitive areas for a transitional period of 3 years.

During these transitional periods, the Union will examine how best these regulatory mechanisms can be integrated into the common fisheries policy.

11. Joint Declaration on the 12-mile limit

The Contracting Parties recognize the major importance to Norway of the maintenance of viable fishing communities in coastal regions. When reviewing the present arrangements on access to waters within the 12-mile limit in order to decide on future arrangements, the institutions of the Union will pay special attention to the interests of such communities in the Member States.

12. Joint Declaration on ownership of fishing vessels

The Contracting Parties take note of the rulings of the Court of Justice of the European Communities and recognize that, in the context of the common fisheries policy, one of the aims of the system of national quotas, which are allocated to Member States according to the principle of relative stability, is to safeguard the particular needs of regions where local populations are especially dependent on fisheries and related industries.

That aim may justify conditions designed to ensure that there is a real economic link between vessels fishing against the quotas of a Member State and that Member State, if the purpose of such conditions is that the populations dependent on fisheries and related industries should benefit from the quotas.

13. Joint Declaration on the supply of raw material for the fish processing industry in northern Norway

The Contracting Parties note the request of the Kingdom of Norway regarding the supply of raw material for the fish processing industry in northern Norway and recognize the need to ensure a satisfactory balance in supplies in the light of the special situation for that industry. This is to be duly taken into account when the Union establishes autonomous tariff quotas for fish for the processing industry following Norway's accession.

14. Declaration on Article 147 on the Norwegian food processing industry

The Contracting Parties took note of the following Declaration made by the Commission:

'When examining a possible request from Norway for measures to be taken in the event of serious market disruptions, the Commission shall take account of the particular restructuring problem of the Norwegian food processing industry and shall ensure that any necessary measure is taken sufficiently promptly to prevent long-term damage.

The measures taken by the Commission may include, during a period of 3 years, a monitoring system and indicative ceilings allowing that the opening of the market will not create such disturbances as could hamper the necessary restructuring of the food processing sector in Norway for the following products produced from indigenous primary agricultural commodities: meat products, flour, compound feeding stuffs, processed peas and carrots and dairy products with the exception of butter, skimmed milk powder and soft cheese.`.

15. Joint Declaration on Svalbard

The Contracting Parties agree that the access of the fleets ot the EU Member States to the fisheries resources in the waters up to 200 miles around Svalbard, to harvest the fishing quotas decided by the Union, will remain unchanged in accordance with the present fishery status quo.

The Parties furthermore agree that the living resources in the said waters must be managed in such a way as to provide for a permanent and sustainable yield to the benefit of the EU Member States reflecting their fishing rights in these waters. In particular, such management shall not impair the opportunity of the fleets of the EU Member States to catch their full quotas and shall fully respect the conduct of normal fishing operations.

B. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Republic of Austria

16. Joint Declaration on the free movement of workers

Should the accession of Austria give rise to difficulties relating to the free movement of workers, the matter may be brought before the institutions of the Union in order to obtain a solution to this problem. This solution will be in strict accordance with the provisions of the Treaties (including those of the Treaty on European Union) and the provisions adopted in application thereof, in particular those relating to the free movement of workers.

17. Joint Declaration on safeguard measures under the agreements with countries of Central and Eastern Europe

1. The 'Europe` agreements between the Communities and their Member States and the countries of Central and Eastern Europe include provisions for the Communities to take appropriate safeguard measures, under certain conditions laid down in these Agreements.

2. In examining and adopting measures under such provisions, the Communities may invoke the situation of producers, or of regions, in one or more of its Member States.

3. The Community rules concerning the implementation of safeguard measures, including the management of Community quotas, ensure that the interests of the Member States are fully taken into account in accordance with the appropriate procedures.

18. Joint Declaration on the resolution of outstanding technical questions in the transport field

The Republic of Austria and the Community declare their willingness to resolve, in the context of the EC-Austria Transit Committee, before the accession of Austria, outstanding technical questions on a consensual basis, especially:

(a) Issues related to the ecopoints system

- engine change of motor vehicles registered before 1 October 1990;

- change of tractor unit;

- multinational coupled combinations of vehicles;

- discrimination in favour of Austrian vehicles transiting between two third countries.

(b) Other issues

- solution, in a Community framework, for the 'Lofer` Agreement of 29 June 1993 between Austria and Germany;

- list of terminals falling under Article 2 (5) of the Administrative Agreement ('Fürnitz` transport);

- heavy and voluminous transport ('exceptional loads`).

19. Joint Declaration on weights and dimensions for road transport vehicles

The Contracting Parties note that the Republic of Austria will comply with the 'acquis communautaire` in the field of maximum authorized weights and dimensions of heavy goods vehicles by permitting, without penalty, 38 tonnes plus 5 % tolerance.

20. Joint Declaration on the Brenner base tunnel

Austria, Germany, Italy and the Community are working actively towards the completion of preparatory studies regarding the Brenner base tunnel, which are due to be handed over in June 1994. Austria, Germany and Italy undertake to reach a decision regarding the construction of the tunnel by 31 October 1994. The Community declares its readiness, in the case of a positive decision by the three States concerned, to support the construction on the basis of available Community financial instruments.

21. Joint Declaration on Articles 6 and 76 of the Act of Accession

The Republic of Austria and the Community confirm their intention to ensure, through appropriate negotiations, that, from the date of accession, hauliers from third countries, in particular from Slovenia and Switzerland, will not enjoy more favourable treatment than EU-hauliers in respect of the transit of heavy goods vehicles through Austrian territory.

C. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Republic of Finland

22. Joint Declaration on safeguarding Finland's transport links

The Contracting Parties, recognising that for Finland sea routes are especially important, due to geographical location, and particularly difficult to secure, due to climatic conditions, agree that due attention will be given to the maintenance and development of the Finnish maritime links with the rest of the Union in relevant Union initiatives, inter alia in connection with the development of the trans-European networks in Northern Europe.

23. Joint Declaration on the shipment of radioactive waste

The Contracting Parties confirm that the EC legislation does not oblige a Member State to accept a specific shipment of radioactive waste from another Member State.

24. Joint Declaration on the Non-Proliferation Treaty

The Contracting Parties underline the importance of non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their continued support for the Treaty on Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT);

They confirm that the fulfilment of the obligations under the NPT remains a national responsibility, without prejudice to the responsibilities of the IAEA and those of the European Atomic Energy Community related to the implementation of Article III (1) and (4) of the NPT;

They recall that they are committed to implement the provisions set out within the Nuclear Suppliers' Group guidelines and to ensure as a condition of supply that full-scope IAEA safeguards are implemented in those non-nuclear weapon states to which exports are made of nuclear material and equipment especially designed or prepared for the processing, use or production of nuclear material;

Without prejudice to its obligations pursuant to the Euratom Treaty, the Republic of Finland affirms that in meeting its NPT obligations it will co-operate closely with the IAEA as an IAEA Member State as well as within the framework of INFCIRC/193.

D. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Kingdom of Sweden

25. Joint Declaration on the Non-Proliferation Treaty

The Contracting Parties underline the importance of non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and their continued support for the Treaty on Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT);

They confirm that the fulfilment of the obligations under the NPT remains a national responsibility, without prejudice to the responsibilities of the IAEA and those of the European Atomic Energy Community related to the implementation of Article III (1) and (4) of the NPT;

They recall that they are committed to implement the provisions set out within the Nuclear Suppliers' Group guidelines and to ensure as a condition of supply that full-scope IAEA safeguards are implemented in those non-nuclear weapon states to which exports are made of nuclear material and equipment especially designed or prepared for the processing, use or production of nuclear material;

Without prejudice to its obligations pursuant to the Euratom Treaty, the Kingdom of Sweden affirms that in meeting its NPT obligations it will cooperate closely with the IAEA as an IAEA Member State as well as within the framework of INFCIRC/193.

26. Joint Declaration on Article 127 of the Act of Accession

The negotiating directives accompanying the Council Decision authorizing the Commission to negotiate the protocols to the bilateral agreements and arrangements referred to in Article 127 will be in conformity with the conclusions reached with Sweden in the Conference.

E. Joint Declarations: The present Member States / Various new Member States

27. Joint Declaration: Norway, Austria, Sweden: on PCB/PCT

The Contracting Parties note that, within their territories, the production of PCB and PCT is banned and that the recycling of these products is no longer practised. Pending the adoption of EC legislation also banning the recycling of PCB and PCT, the Contracting Parties have no objection to the maintenance of such a ban in national legislation.

28. Joint Declaration on Nordic Cooperation

The Contracting Parties record that Sweden, Finland and Norway, as members of the European Union, intend to continue, in full compliance with Community law and the other provisions of the Treaty on European Union, Nordic Cooperation amongst themselves as well as with other countries and territories.

29. Joint Declaration on the number of animals eligible for the suckler-cow premium for Norway and Finland

Should there be, as a result of accession, a disproportionate decrease in the production volumes of other main commodities, then the number of animals eligible for the suckler-cow premium for Norway and Finland will be re-examined.

30. Joint Declaration: Finland, Sweden: on the fishing possibilities in the Baltic Sea

The Contracting Parties note that the allocation of fishery resources in Community waters of the Baltic Sea was calculated on the basis of the reallocation to the Parties of fishing possibilities transferred to the former USSR and to Poland in the reference period. Consequently, the Contracting Parties agree that the future allocation of fishing possibilities obtained in the framework of fishing agreements with Russia, the three Baltic States and Poland, shall not take account of exchanges of fishing possibilities which occurred before enlargement.

31. Declaration on the processing industry in Austria and Finland

The Contracting Parties agree on the following:

(i) full utilization of Objective 5 (a) measures to cushion effects of Accession,

(ii) flexibility on transitional national aid schemes designed to facilitate restructuring.

F. Declarations by the Present Member States

32. Declaration on the Åland islands

As far as the right to vote and to stand as a candidate at municipal elections in the Åland islands is concerned, the Union recalls that Article 8b (1) of the EC Treaty allows for requests by the Republic of Finland to be met. If the Republic of Finland gives notice pursuant to Article 28 modifying Article 227 (5) of the EC Treaty that the EC Treaty is to apply to the Åland islands, the Council, within a period of six months and acting in accordance with the procedures provided for in Article 8b (1) of the EC Treaty, will determine if necessary the conditions for applying that Article to the special situation of the Åland islands.

33. Declaration on relative stability

The Union recognises the major importance to Norway and Member States of maintaining the principle of relative stability as the fundament in achieving the goal of a permanent system of distribution of fishing possibilities in the future.

34. Declaration on the solution of the environmental problems caused by traffic of heavy goods vehicles

The Union informs Austria that the Council has requested the Commission to propose for adoption a framework for the solution of the environmental problems caused by traffic of heavy goods vehicles. This framework will include appropriate measures on charges for road use, rail infrastructure, combined transport facilities and technical standards for vehicles.

35. Declaration on compliance with the undertakings in agricultural matters under instruments which are not included in the Act of Accession

The European Union declares that all instruments necessary for compliance with the outcome of the accession negotiations on agricultural matters which are not included in the Act of Accession (new Council instruments to be applied after accession and Commission instruments) will be adopted in due course in accordance with the relevant procedures laid down in the Act of Accession itself or in the 'acquis communautaire`.

Most of these instruments shall be adopted during the interim period, in accordance with the procedures laid down in the Act of Accession.

The other commitments on agricultural matters resulting from the negotiations shall be implemented in an expeditious and timely manner.

36. Declaration on agro-environmental measures

The Union will take the necessary measures in order to allow the new Member States to implement rapidly the agro-environmental programmes in favour of their farmers in conformity with Regulation (EEC) No 2078/92 and to ensure co-financing of these programmes within the limits of budgetary availabilities.

The Union notes that the following amount can be expected by each of the new Member States:

>TABLE>

37. Declaration on mountain areas and less-favoured areas (LFAs)

The Union accepts that the new Member States consider that a significant proportion of their territory suffers from permanent natural handicaps and that the delimitation of the mountain or certain less-favoured areas according to Council Directive 75/268/EEC should be carried out without delay.

The Union confirms that it intends to delimit such zones according to the 'acquis` as follows:

- for Austria, being an Alpine country, the determination of the regions will be based on the criteria used for similar areas in Germany, Italy and France;

- for Sweden, counting the northern latitude as a relevant criterion for the purposes of Article 3, paragraph 3 of Council Directive 75/268/EEC, will allow the coverage of four of the five 'agricultural support areas in Northern Sweden`;

- for Norway, counting the northern latitude as a relevant criterion for the purposes of Article 3, paragraph 3 of Council Directive 75/268/EEC as well as application of paragraphs 4 and 5 of the same Article, will allow the coverage of up to 85 % of the utilized agricultural area;

- for Finland, counting the northern latitude as a relevant criterion for the purposes of Article 3, paragraph 3 of Council Directive 75/268/EEC as well as the amendment to Article 19 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 2328/91 will allow the coverage of 85 % of the utilized agricultural area within the meaning of Article 3, paragraph 3 of Council Directive 75/268/EEC.

G. Declarations by the Kingdom of Norway

38. Declaration by the Kingdom of Norway on the Norwegian language

The Kingdom of Norway declares that, in the written use of Norwegian as an official language of the institutions of the Communities, equal status must be given to Bokmål and Nynorsk, on the understanding that documents of general application, correspondence and general information material shall be drafted in either one or the other version of the Norwegian language.

39. Declaration by the Kingdom of Norway on Sami matters

Having regard to Article 110A of the Norwegian Constitution and the Norwegian Act of 12 June 1987 No 56,

Having regard to obligations and commitments set out in the United Nations International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights of 1966, and in particular Article 27 thereof, and ILO Convention No 169 on Indigenous and Tribal People in Independent Countries of 1989,

Norway has undertaken the responsibility to create conditions enabling the Sami people to preserve and develop their means of livelihood, language, culture and way of life.

The Sami communities in traditional areas of Sami settlement are dependent on a number of traditional economic activities. These activities are in themselves an integral part of Sami culture, and form the necessary basis for the further development of the Sami way of life.

Taking into account the protocol on the Sami People, the Government of Norway declares that it will continue on this basis to fulfil its obligations and commitments to the Sami People.

40. Declaration by the Kingdom of Norway on transparency

The Kingdom of Norway welcomes the development now taking place in the Union towards greater openness and transparency.

In Norway, open government, including public access to official records, is a principle of fundamental legal and political importance. The Kingdom of Norway will continue to apply this principle in accordance with its rights and obligations as a member of the Union.

H. Declarations by the Republic of Austria

41. Declaration by the Republic of Austria on Article 109g of the EC Treaty

The Republic of Austria notes that the composition of the ECU currency basket remains unchanged and that with the participation of the Republic of Austria in the third stage the value of the Schilling vis-à-vis the ECU shall be irrevocably fixed.

The Republic of Austria will continue to maintain the stability of the Schilling and in this way contribute to the realization of Economic and Monetary Union. The transition in stages to a single European currency is supported by the Republic of Austria, because the quality of the planned European currency is safeguarded by the preconditions in terms of stability policy contained in the EC Treaty.

42. Declaration by the Republic of Austria on TV broadcasting

With reference to Council Directive 89/552/EEC of 3 October 1989 on the coordination of certain provisions laid down by law, regulation or administrative action in Member States concerning the pursuit of television broadcasting activities, the Republic of Austria states that, in accordance with existing EC law, as interpreted by the Court of Justice of the European Communities, it will have the possibility of taking appropriate measures in case of delocalization for the purpose of circumvention of its domestic legislation.

43. Declaration by the Republic of Austria on pricing of combined transport on the Brenner route

The Republic of Austria declares its willingness to promote, in conformity with Community rules, the use of piggy-back combined transport on the Brenner route by seeking on the Austrian section an appropriate price for such transport which is competitive with prices for transport by road. The Republic of Austria notes that this measure will be taken on the understanding that the market impact of aids granted by the Republic of Austria is not reduced by measures taken on other sections of the abovementioned piggy-back link.

44. Declaration by the Republic of Austria on Article 14 of Protocol No 9 on road, rail and combined transport in Austria

The Republic of Austria declares that, as from 1 January 1997, the administration of the ecopoints system should be computerized and that from 1 January 1997 control should be carried out by electronic means in order to meet the requirements of Article 14 (1) of Protocol No 9.

I. Declarations by the Republic of Finland

45. Declaration by the Republic of Finland on transparency

The Republic of Finland welcomes the development now taking place in the Union towards greater openness and transparency.

In Finland, open government, including public access to official records, is a principle of fundamental legal and political importance. The Republic of Finland will continue to apply this principle in accordance with its rights and obligations as a member of the European Union.

J. Declarations by the Kingdom of Sweden

46. Declaration by the Kingdom of Sweden on social policy

In an exchange of letters between the Kingdom of Sweden and the Commission, annexed to the Summary of Conclusions of the 5th meeting of the Conference at Ministerial level (CONF-S 81/93), the Kingdom of Sweden received assurances with regard to Swedish practice in labour market matters and notably the system of determining conditions of work in collective agreements between the social partners.

47. Declaration by the Kingdom of Sweden on open government and Declaration made by the Union in response

1. Declaration by Sweden

Sweden confirms its introductory statement of 1 February 1993 (CONF-S 3/93).

Sweden welcomes the development now taking place in the European Union towards greater openness and transparency.

Open government and, in particular, public access to official records as well as the constitutional protection afforded to those who give information to the media are and remain fundamental principles which form part of Sweden's constitutional, political and cultural heritage.

2. Declaration made by the Present Member States in response

The present Member States of the European Union take note of the unilateral Declaration of Sweden concerning openness and transparency.

They take it for granted that, as a member of the European Union, Sweden will fully comply with Community law in this respect.

K. Declarations by various new Member States

48. Joint Declaration by the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden regarding fisheries

In an exchange of letters between the Kingdom of Norway and the Kingdom of Sweden it has been agreed that Norway will maintain Swedish rights equal to those of the 1977 bilateral Fisheries Agreement. Quantities and species, in accordance with the practice of the bilateral Agreement, will be transferred on a yearly basis after bilateral consultations and in accordance with Article 9 of Council Regulation (EEC) No 3760/92.

49. Declaration by Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden on Articles 3 and 4 of the Act of Accession

With regard to the conventions or instruments relating to Justice and Home Affairs referred to in Article 3 and in Article 4 (2) of the Act of Accession which are still under negotiation, Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden accept the points which have been agreed on by the present Member States or by the Council at the date of accession and they will accordingly participate in subsequent negotiations relating to those conventions and instruments only on those points still to be resolved.

50. Declaration by the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden on alcohol monopolies

The Conference at Ministerial level was informed at its 5th meeting on 21 December 1993 of the exchange of letters between the Commission and Finland and the Commission and Sweden on alcohol monopolies under Chapter 6: Competition policy, recorded in documents CONF-SF 78/93 and CONF-S 82/93.

IV. EXCHANGE OF LETTERS between the European Union and the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden on an information and consultation procedure for the adoption of certain decisions and other measures to be taken during the period preceding accession

Letter No 1

Sir,

I have the honour to refer to the question concerning an information and consultation procedure for the adoption of certain decisions and other measures to be taken during the period preceding the accession of your country to the European Union which was raised in the framework of the accession negotiations.

I hereby confirm that the European Union is able to agree to such a procedure, in the terms set out in the Annex to this letter, which could be applied as from the date on which our negotiating Conference declares that the enlargement negotiations have been finally concluded.

I should be obliged if you would confirm that your Government is in agreement with the contents of this letter.

Yours faithfully,

Letter No 2

Sir,

I have the honour to acknowledge receipt of your letter which reads as follows:

'I have the honour to refer to the question concerning an information and consultation procedure for the adoption of certain decisions and other measures to be taken during the period preceding the accession of your country to the European Union which was raised in the framework of the accession negotiations.

I hereby confirm that the European Union is able to agree to such a procedure, in the terms set out in the Annex to this letter, which could be applied as from the date on which our negotiating Conference declares that the enlargement negotiations have been finally concluded.

I should be obliged if you would confirm that your Government is in agreement with the contents of this letter.`

I have the honour to confirm that my Government is in agreement with the contents of this letter.

Yours faithfully,

Annex

Information and consultation procedure for the adoption of certain decisions and other measures to be taken during the period preceding accession

I.

1. In order to ensure that the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden, hereinafter referred to as the 'acceding States`, are kept adequately informed, any proposal or communication from the Commission of the European Communities which might lead to decisions by the Council of the European Union shall be brought to the knowledge of the acceding States after being transmitted to the Council.

2. Consultations shall take place pursuant to a reasoned request by an acceding State, which shall set out expressly therein its interests as a future member of the Union and its observations.

3. Administrative decisions shall not, as a general rule, give rise to consultations.

4. Consultations shall take place within an Interim Committee composed of representatives of the Union and of the acceding States.

5. On the Union side, the members of the Interim Committee shall be the members of the Permanent Representatives Committee or persons designated by them for this purpose. The Commission shall be invited to be represented in this work.

6. The Interim Committee shall be assisted by a Secretariat, which shall be that of the Conference, continued for this purpose.

7. Consultations shall normally take place as soon as the preparatory work carried out at Union level with a view to the adoption of decisions by the Council has produced common guidelines enabling such consultations to be usefully arranged.

8. If serious difficulties remain after consultations, the matter may be raised at ministerial level at the request of an acceding State.

9. The above provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to the decisions of the Board of Governors of the European Investment Bank.

10. The procedure laid down in the above paragraphs shall also apply to any decision to be taken by the acceding States which might affect the commitments resulting from their position as future members of the Union.

II.

1. The procedure provided for under I shall apply mutatis mutandis to draft Council Decisions defining common positions within the meaning of Article J.2 of the TEU or adopting joint actions within the meaning of Article J.3, subject to the following provisions.

2. It is for the Presidency to bring these drafts to the attention of the acceding States when the proposal or communication is issued by a Member State.

3. Save for a reasoned objection from an acceding State, consultations may take place in the form of the exchange of telefaxed messages.

4. Should consultations take place within the Interim Committee, the Members of that Committee belonging to the Union may, where appropriate, be the Members of the Political Committee.

III.

1. The procedure provided for under I shall apply mutatis mutandis to draft Council Decisions defining joint positions or adopting joint actions within the meaning of Article K.3 of the TEU and also to the drawing up of conventions as provided for under that Article, subject to the following provisions.

2. It is for the Presidency to bring these drafts to the attention of the acceding States when the proposal or communication is issued by a Member State.

3. Should consultations take place within the Interim Committee, the Members of that Committee belonging to the Union may, where appropriate, be the Members of the Committee referred to in Article K.4 of the TEU.

IV.

The Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden shall take the necessary measures to ensure that their accession to the agreements or conventions referred to in Articles 4 (2) and 5 (2) of the Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties coincides so far as possible, and under the conditions laid down in that Act, with the entry into force of the Treaty of Accession.

Insofar as the agreements or conventions referred to in Article 3, the second sentence of Article 4 (1) and in Article 4 (2) exist only in draft, have not yet been signed and probably can no longer be signed in the period before accession, the acceding States will be invited to be associated, after the signature of the Treaty of Accession and in accordance with appropriate procedures, with the preparation of those drafts in a positive spirit and in such manner as to facilitate their conclusion.

V.

With regard to the negotiation of the Protocols of transition and of adjustment with the co-contracting countries referred to in Articles 59, 76, 102, and 128 of the Act concerning the conditions of accession, the representatives of the acceding States shall be associated with the work as observers, side by side with the representatives of the present Member States.

Certain non-preferential agreements concluded by the Community, which remain in force after 1 January 1995, may be the subject of adaptations or adjustments in order to take account of the enlargement of the Union. These adaptations or adjustments will be negotiated by the Community in association with the representatives of the acceding States in accordance with the procedure referred to in the preceding paragraph.

VI.

The institutions shall, in due course, draw up the texts referred to in Article 170 of the Act concerning the conditions of accession and the adjustments to the Treaties.

MINUTES OF THE SIGNING of the Treaty between the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Portuguese Republic, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (Member States of the European Union) and the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden concerning the Accession of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden to the European Union (94/C 241/10)

The Plenipotentiaries of the Kingdom of Belgium, the Kingdom of Denmark, the Federal Republic of Germany, the Hellenic Republic, the Kingdom of Spain, the French Republic, Ireland, the Italian Republic, the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, the Kingdom of the Netherlands, the Portuguese Republic and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Nothern Ireland, Member States of the European Union, and the Plenipotentiaries of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden signed the Treaty concerning the Accession of the Kingdom of Norway, the Republic of Austria, the Republic of Finland and the Kingdom of Sweden to the European Union in Corfu on 24 June 1994.

On that occassion the Kingdom of Belgium made the following declaration:

'By signing this Treaty on behalf of the Kingdom of Belgium, both the Belgian federal authorities and the French-speaking Community, Flemish Community and German-speaking Community of Belgium, the Wallonian Region, the Flemish Region and the Brussels Region have entered into an undertaking at international level.`

The other States signatory to the Treaty of Accession made the following declaration:

'The other States signatory to the Treaty of Accession understand that the unilateral declaration by Belgium is an explanation of Belgian constitutional law, which cannot prejudice the fact that the Kingdom of Belgium alone is a Contracting Party to this Treaty and therefore alone responsible vis-à-vis the other signatory States for fulfilling the obligations which it has assumed in this Treaty as a Member State of the European Union.`

The Kingdom of Belgium confirmed that this was indeed the case.

These minutes will be published in the Official Journal of the European Communities.

Hecho en Bruselas, el veintiséis de julio de mil novecientos noventa y cuatro.

Udfærdiget i Bruxelles den seksogtyvende juli nitten hundrede og fireoghalvfems.

Geschehen zu Brüssel am sechsundzwanzigsten Juli neunzehnhundertvierundneunzig.

¸ãéíå óôéò ÂñõîÝëëåò, óôéò åßêïóé Ýîé Éïõëßïõ ÷ßëéá åííéáêüóéá åíåíÞíôá ôÝóóåñá.

Done at Brussels on the twenty-sixth day of July in the year one thousand nine hundred and ninety-four.

Fait à Bruxelles, le vingt-six juillet mil neuf cent quatre-vingt-quatorze.

Fatto a Bruxelles, addì ventisei luglio millenovecentonovantaquattro.

Gedaan te Brussel, de zesentwintigste juli negentienhonderd vierennegentig.

Feito em Bruxelas, em vinte e seis de Julho de mil novecentos e noventa e quatro.

En nombre de los Presidentes de las Conferencias sobre la adhesión de Noruega, Austria, Finlandia y Suecia a la Unión Europea

På vegne at formændene for konferencerne om Norges, Østrigs, Finlands og Sveriges tiltrædelse af Den Europæiske Union

Im Namen der Präsidenten der Konferenzen über den Beitritt Norwegens, Österreichs, Finnlands und Schwedens zur Europäischen Union

Åî ïíüìáôïò ôùí ÐñïÝäñùí ôçò ÄéÜóêåøçò Ðñïó÷þñçóçò ôçò Íïñâçãßáò, ôçò Áõóôñßáò, ôçò Öéíëáíäßáò êáé ôçò Óïõçäßáò óôçí ÅõñùðáúêÞ ¸íùóç

On behalf of the Chairmen of the Conferences on the Accession of Norway, Austria, Finland and Sweden to the European Union

Au nom des présidents des conférences sur l'adhésion de la Norvège, de l'Autriche, de la Finlande et de la Suède à l'Union européenne

A nome dei presidenti delle Conferenze sull'adesione della Norvegia, dell'Austria, della Finlandia e della Svezia all'Unione europea

Namens de Voorzitters van de Conferenties over de toetreding van Noorwegen, Oostenrijk, Finland en Zweden tot de Europese Unie

Em nome dos Presidentes das Conferências sobre a Adesão da Noruega, da Áustria, da Finlândia e da Suécia à União Europeia

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>

El Secretario General del Consejo de la Unión Europea

Generalsekretæren for Rådet for Den Europæiske Union

Der Generalsekretär des Rates der Europäischen Union

Ï Ãåíéêüò ÃñáììáôÝáò ôïõ Óõìâïõëßïõ ôçò ÅõñùðáúêÞò ¸íùóçò

The Secretary-General of the Council of the European Union

Le secrétaire général du Conseil de l'Union européenne

Il Segretario generale del Consiglio dell'Unione europea

De Secretaris-Generaal van de Raad van de Europese Unie

O Secretário-Geral do Conselho da União Europeia

>REFERENCE TO A FILM>