In connection with the issue and sale of the Notes, no person is authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in this Prospectus and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer, the Placement Agent, the Trustee, the Collateral Manager, the Retention Holder or the Collateral Administrator. The delivery of this Prospectus at any time does not imply that the information contained in it is correct as at any time subsequent to its date.
U.S. banking institutions to hold an ownership interest in the Issuer or enter into financial transactions with the Issuer. If the Issuer is deemed to be a "covered fund", this could significantly impair the marketability and liquidity of the Notes.
To permit compliance with the Securities Act in connection with the sale of the Notes in reliance on Rule 144A, the Issuer will be required under the Trust Deed to furnish upon request to a holder or beneficial owner of a Rule 144A Note who is a QIB or a prospective investor who is a QIB designated by such holder or beneficial owner the information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act if at the time of the request the Issuer is neither a reporting company under Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor exempt from reporting pursuant to Rule 12g 3 2(b) under the Exchange Act. All information made available by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of this paragraph may also be obtained during usual business hours free of charge at the office of the Principal Paying Agent.
On and after the Effective Date and during the Reinvestment Period only, if the Class F Par Value Ratio is less than 104.25 per cent. on the relevant Measurement Date, Interest Proceeds shall be paid to the Principal Account, for the acquisition of additional Collateral Debt Obligations (or, if the Collateral Manager determines that it is unable to identify such additional Collateral Debt Obligations that it considers appropriate for such reinvestment, in redemption by way of Special Redemption of the Rated Notes in accordance with the Note Payment Sequence) in an amount (such amount the "Required Diversion Amount") equal to the lesser of (1) 50 per cent. of all remaining Interest Proceeds available for payment and (2) the amount which, after giving effect to the payment of all amounts payable in respect of paragraphs (A) through (V) (inclusive) of the Interest Proceeds Priority of Payments, would be sufficient to cause the Interest Diversion Test to be met, as of the relevant Determination Date after giving effect to any payments made pursuant to paragraph (W) of the Interest Proceeds Priority of Payments.
Many financial institutions, including banks, continue to suffer from capitalisation issues. The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major financial institution may have an adverse effect on the Issuer, particularly if such financial institution is , a grantor of a participation in an asset or is a hedge counterparty to a swap or hedge involving the Issuer, or a counterparty to a buy or sell trade that has not settled with respect to an asset. The bankruptcy or insolvency , of another financial institution may result in the disruption of payments to the Issuer. In addition, the bankruptcy or insolvency of one or more additional financial institutions may trigger additional crises in the global credit markets and overall economy which could have a significant adverse effect on the Issuer, the Collateral and the Notes.
U.S. Risk Retention Rules would apply to any additional Notes issued after the Issue Date or, potentially, but subject to specific exceptions, any Refinancing, if such subsequent issuance or Refinancing occurs on or after the effective date of the U.S. Risk Retention Rules. In addition, the SEC has indicated in contexts separate from the U.S. Risk Retention Rules that an "offer" or "sale" of securities may arise when amendments to securities are so material as to require holders to make a new "investment decision" with respect to such securities. Thus, if the SEC were to take a similar position with respect to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, such rules could apply to material amendments to the terms of the Notes, to the extent such amendments require investors to make a new investment decision with respect to the Notes. As a result, the U.S. Risk Retention Rules may adversely affect the Issuer (and the performance and market value of the Notes) if the Issuer is unable to undertake any such additional issuance or Refinancing or other material amendment and may affect the liquidity of the Notes. Furthermore, no assurance can be given as to whether the U.S. Risk Retention Rules would have any future material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or prospects of the Collateral Manager or the Issuer or on the market value or liquidity of the Notes and no assurance can be made that the United States federal government or any U.S. regulatory body (or other authority or regulatory body) will not continue to take further legislative or regulatory action in response to the economic crisis or otherwise, and the effect of such actions, if any, cannot be known or predicted.
The Collateral Manager may from time to time enter into financing arrangements in respect of the Retention Notes that it is required to acquire in order to comply with the Retention Requirements and could grant security over, or transfer title to, the Retention Notes in connection with any such financing. Such financing arrangements would be on full-recourse terms. It is possible that any such financing could be provided directly or indirectly by the Placement Agent or by an Affiliate of the Placement Agent. If the collateral arrangements in respect of such financing are by way of title transfer, the Collateral Manager would retain the economic risk in those Notes but not legal ownership of them. None of the Placement Agent, the Collateral Manager, any Agent, the Issuer, the Trustee or any of their respective Affiliates makes any representation, warranty or guarantee that such financing arrangements will comply with the Retention Requirements. In particular, should the Collateral Manager default in the performance of its obligations under any such financing arrangements, the lender thereunder may have the right to enforce the security granted by the Collateral Manager, including effecting the sale or appropriation of some or all of the Retention Notes or, if the collateral arrangements in respect of such financing are by way of title transfer, the Collateral Manager would most likely not be entitled to have the Retention Notes (or equivalent securities) retransferred to it. In exercising its rights pursuant to any such financing arrangements, the lender would not be required to have regard to the Retention Requirements and any such sale or appropriation may therefore cause the transaction described in this Prospectus to be non-compliant with the Retention Requirements. See "Certain Conflicts of Interest – Conflicts of interest Involving or Relating to the Placement Agent and its Affiliates".
The term of any retention financing may also be considerably shorter than the effective term of the Notes, requiring Collateral Manager to repay or refinance the retention financing whilst some or all Classes of Notes are Outstanding. If refinancing opportunities were limited at such time and the Collateral Manager was unable to repay the retention financing from other sources, the Collateral Manager could be forced to sell some or all of the Retention Notes in order to obtain funds to repay the retention financing without regard to the Retention Requirements and such sales may therefore cause the transaction described in this Prospectus to be non-compliant with the Retention Requirements.
NFCs are subject to certain risk mitigation obligations and to the reporting obligations, in which respect the Issuer may appoint one or more reporting delegates. NFCs are exempted from the clearing obligation and certain additional risk mitigation obligations, such as the posting of collateral, as long as they do not exceed the applicable clearing thresholds established by the regulatory technical standard for the relevant class of OTC derivative contracts. OTC derivative contracts which are objectively measurable as reducing risks directly related to commercial activity or treasury financing activity of an NFC or the group to which it belongs (the "hedging exemption") will not be included towards the clearing thresholds. If the Issuer is considered to be a member of a "group" (as defined in EMIR) or otherwise no longer makes use of the hedging exemption, there is a risk of it becoming subject to the clearing obligation and such additional risk mitigation obligations, including the margin posting requirement. It may not be possible for the Issuer to know if any of the thresholds have been exceeded or if it has become part of a "group" for the purposes of EMIR and this status in any event may be subject to change.
In the event that the Issuer exceeds the applicable clearing thresholds, it would be required to post collateral both in respect of cleared and non-cleared OTC derivative contracts. The Issuer will be unable to comply with such requirements. In such circumstances, hedge counterparties may be unable to enter into hedge transactions with the Issuer or may result in the Issuer being in breach of its obligations to enter into hedging arrangements in respect of Non-Euro Obligations. This could result in the sale of Asset Swap Obligations and/or termination of relevant Hedge Agreements and/or limit the Issuer’s ability to invest in Non-Euro Obligations or mitigate interest rate risk. It may also require the Issuer to sell some or all of the Unhedged Collateral Debt Obligations then held by it. Any such termination could expose the Issuer to costs and increased interest rate or currency exchange rate risk until such assets can be sold within the time period specified elsewhere herein. If the Issuer is, as a result, unable to enter into Hedge Agreements this will affect its ability to purchase Non-Euro Obligations or may result in it being in breach of its obligations to enter into Asset Swap Transactions with respect to any Non-Euro Obligations it has purchased. The Issuer may also be exposed to interest rate risk as further described below (see "Interest Rate Risk" below).
The European Securities and Markets Authority has not yet given any formal guidance on the application of the SSPE Exemption or whether a CLO would fall within the SSPE Exemption. If the AIFMD were to apply to the Issuer and the Issuer is an AIF, then it would be necessary to identify its AIFM, which would be the entity which manages it in general and is therefore most likely to be the Collateral Manager. In such a scenario, the Collateral Manager would be subject to the AIFMD and would need to be appropriately regulated and certain duties and responsibilities would be imposed on the Collateral Manager in respect of its management of the Portfolio. Such duties and responsibilities, were they to apply to the Collateral Manager’s management of the assets of the Issuer, may result in significant additional costs and expenses incurred by the Collateral Manager which, in respect of some such fees and expenses, may be reimbursable by the Issuer to the Collateral Manager pursuant to the Collateral Management Agreement as an Administrative Expense, which may in turn negatively affect the amounts payable to Noteholders. The AIFMD would entail several consequences for the Issuer, notably:
From the Issuer’s perspective, if the Issuer were considered to be an AIF and could not benefit from the SSPE Exemption or any other exemption, the AIFMD would require the Collateral Manager and/or the Issuer to seek authorisation to become an AIFM under the AIFMD. If the Collateral Manager or the Issuer were to fail to, or be unable to, obtain such authorisation, the Collateral Manager may not be able to continue to manage the Issuer’s assets, or its ability to do so may be impaired. Any regulatory changes arising from implementation of the AIFMD (or otherwise) that impairs the ability of the Collateral Manager to manage the Issuer’s assets may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to carry out its investment strategy and achieve its investment objective.
If the Issuer were deemed to be a "commodity pool", then both the CPO and the CTA of the Issuer would be required to register as such with the CFTC and the National Futures Association (the "NFA") by the initial offering date of the Notes. Because there has previously been an exemption from such registration for most securitisation and investment fund transactions, there is little, if any, guidance as to which entity or entities would be regarded as the Issuer's CPO and CTA and thus be required to register. While there remain certain limited exemptions from registration, because the wording of these regulations applies to traditional commodity pools and was not drafted with transactions such as the Issuer and its investment activities in mind, it is unclear whether and to what extent any of these exemptions would be available to avoid registration with respect to the Issuer. In addition, if the Issuer were deemed to be a "commodity pool", it would have to comply with a number of reporting requirements that are geared to traded commodity pools, which may result in significant additional costs and expenses, which may in turn affect the amounts payable to Noteholders. It is presently unclear how an investment vehicle such as the Issuer could comply with certain of these reporting requirements on an on-going basis.
Key terms are widely defined under the Volcker Rule, including "banking entity", "ownership interest", "sponsor" and "covered fund". In particular, "banking entity" is defined to include certain non-U.S. affiliates of U.S. banking entities, as well as non-U.S. banking entities that conduct operations in the United States either directly or through branches or affiliates, and "covered fund" is defined to include an issuer that would be an investment company, as defined in the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940 but for section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7), which would extend to the Issuer given its intention to rely on section 3(c)(7). It should also be noted that an "ownership interest" is broadly defined and may arise through a holder’s exposure to the profit and losses of a covered fund as well as through any right of the holders to participate in the selection of an investment adviser, manager or board of directors of the covered fund. The Subordinated Notes will be characterised as ownership interests in the Issuer for this purpose, and it is uncertain whether any of the Rated Notes may be similarly characterised as ownership interests. Providing that the right of holders of the Notes in respect of the removal of the Collateral Manager and selection of a successor collateral manager shall only be exercisable upon a Collateral Manager Event of Default may not be sufficient to ensure that the Rated Notes are not characterised as ownership interests. If the Issuer is deemed to be a covered fund then in the absence of regulatory relief such prohibitions may have adverse effects on the Issuer and the liquidity and value of the Notes including limiting the secondary market of the Notes and affecting the Issuer’s access to liquidity and ability to hedge its exposures.
The Proposed Benchmark Regulation will, if enacted, make significant changes to the way in which EURIBOR is calculated, including detailed codes of conduct for contributors and transparency requirements applying to contributions of data. Benchmarks such as EURIBOR may be discontinued if they do not comply with these requirements, or if the administrator of the benchmark either fails to apply for authorisation or is refused authorisation by its home regulator.
(b) if the applicable rate of interest on any Collateral Debt Obligation is calculated with reference to a EURIBOR currency or tenor which is discontinued, such rate of interest will then be determined by the provisions of the affected Collateral Debt Obligation, which may include determination by the relevant calculation agent in its discretion;
(c) if the EURIBOR benchmark referenced in Condition 6 (Interest) is discontinued, interest on the Notes will be calculated under Condition 6(e) (Interest on the Notes); and
If any proposed changes when implemented change the way in which LIBOR or EURIBOR is calculated with respect to floating rate Collateral Debt Obligations, this could result in the rate of interest being lower than anticipated, which would adversely affect the value of the Notes. As the substantial majority of the interest payments due on the Issuer's assets are expected to be calculated based upon EURIBOR and the Notes pay interest based upon EURIBOR, an inaccurate EURIBOR setting could have adverse effects on the Issuer and/or the holders of the Notes. For example, holders of the Notes would receive lower Euro amounts as interest payments if EURIBOR was artificially lower than a properly functioning market would otherwise set EURIBOR. Other negative consequences of the perceived inaccuracy of EURIBOR could include fewer loans utilising EURIBOR as an index for interest payments and/or erratic swings in EURIBOR, both of which could result in interest rate mismatches between the Issuer's assets and its liabilities and expose the Issuer to cash shortfalls. Furthermore, questions surrounding the integrity in the process for determining EURIBOR may have other unforeseen consequences, including potential litigation against banks and/or obligors on loans, which could result in a material and adverse effect on the Issuer or the holders of the Notes. Similar issues could arise with respect to LIBOR.
On 14 February 2013 the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the "Commission's Proposal") for a FTT to be adopted in certain participating EU member states (including Austria, Belgium, Estonia, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain (the "Participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission’s proposal was adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include the Issuer) in relation to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modification of derivative contracts and the purchase and sale of financial instruments).
The Issuer will not be treated as being tax resident in the UK if the central management and control of the Issuer is not in the UK. The directors of the Issuer intend to conduct the affairs of the Issuer in such a manner so that it does not become resident in the UK for taxation purposes.
Even if the Issuer is regarded as carrying on a trade in the UK through the agency of the Collateral Manager for the purpose of UK taxation, it will not be subject to UK corporation tax in respect of the agency of the Collateral Manager if the domestic UK tax exemption (the "Investment Manager Exemption") for profits generated in the UK by an investment manager on behalf of its non-resident clients (section 1146 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010) applies. This domestic exemption will be available in the context of this transaction if, amongst other conditions, the Collateral Manager does not have a beneficial entitlement to more than 20 per cent. of the Issuer’s chargeable profit arising from transactions carried out through the Collateral Manager. If this domestic exemption is not available, the Issuer should nonetheless be able to rely on Article 7(1) of the UK-Netherlands double tax treaty to exclude a charge to UK tax on its profits resulting from the agency of the Collateral Manager, provided that the Collateral Manager is regarded as an independent agent acting in the ordinary course of its business for the purpose Article 5(6) of the UK-Netherlands double tax treaty.
Should the Collateral Manager be assessed to UK tax on behalf of the Issuer, it will in certain circumstances have the benefit of an indemnity from the Issuer. Any payment to be made by the Issuer under this indemnity will be paid as Administrative Expenses of the Issuer as specified in the relevant Priorities of Payment. It should be noted that UK tax legislation makes it possible for H.M. Revenue & Customs to seek to assess the Issuer to UK tax directly rather than through the Collateral Manager as its UK representative. Should the Issuer be assessed on this basis, the Issuer will be liable to pay UK tax on its UK taxable profit attributable to its UK activities (such payment to be made in accordance with relevant Priorities of Payment). The Issuer would also be liable to pay UK tax on its UK taxable profits if it were treated as being tax resident in the UK (such payment to be made in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payment). If UK tax is imposed on the net income or profits of the Issuer, this may also give rise to a Note Tax Event and result in an optional redemption of the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Redemption following Note Tax Event).
Action 6 is intended to prevent the granting of treaty benefits in inappropriate circumstances. As noted above, whether the Issuer will be subject to UK corporation tax may depend on whether it can benefit from Article 7 of the UK-Netherlands double tax treaty. Further, it is expected that the Issuer will rely on the interest and other articles of treaties entered into by The Netherlands to be able to receive payments from some Obligors free from withholding taxes that might otherwise apply. The final recommendation of the OECD for Action 6 is that treaties should include one or both of a "limitation of benefits" rule and a "principal purpose test". If a person were not to satisfy either a "limitation of benefits" rule or a "principal purpose test" in a treaty then it could be denied the benefits of the treaty.
If the Issuer were to be denied the benefits of the UK-Netherlands double tax treaty and it were trading as opposed to carrying on investment activities, then the Issuer could be treated as having a taxable permanent establishment in the UK. If UK tax were imposed on the net income or profits of the Issuer, the amount of tax due would likely be significant on the basis that some or all of the interest which it pays on the Notes may not be deductible. Profits from dealings in the Collateral Debt Obligations could also become taxable. If the UK imposed tax on the net income or profits of the Issuer, this would constitute a Note Tax Event, which may result in an optional redemption (in whole but not in part) of the Notes in accordance with Condition 7(g) (Redemption following Note Tax Event). If the Issuer were to be denied the benefit of a treaty entered into by The Netherlands and as a consequence payments were made to the Issuer subject to withholding taxes, and the Obligors do not make "gross-up" payments that cover the full amount of any such withholding taxes, the amounts available to make payments on, or distributions to, the Noteholders would accordingly be reduced. If the Issuer receives any interest payments on any Collateral Debt Obligation net of any applicable withholding tax, the Interest Coverage Tests and the Minimum Weighted Average Spread Test will be determined by reference to such net receipts. A Collateral Tax Event shall occur if the aggregate amount of any withholding tax on payments in respect of the Collateral Debt Obligations during any
