If a Competent Authority determines that the transaction did not comply or is no longer in compliance with the EU Transparency Requirements, then: (i) investors may be required by their regulator to set aside additional capital against their investment in the Notes or take other remedial measures in respect of their investment in the Notes; and (ii) the Collateral Manager as the originator and/or the Issuer may be subject to the Pecuniary Sanctions as described above. Any such Pecuniary Sanctions levied on the Issuer may materially adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes and any such Pecuniary Sanctions levied on the Collateral Manager as the originator may materially adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and could have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
If the Issuer does not so calculate its positions (or if the calculations were to indicate that the relevant threshold is exceeded), the Issuer will have to immediately notify ESMA and the relevant competent authority and establish clearing arrangements within four months.
AIFMD introduced authorisation and regulatory requirements for managers of AIFs. If the Issuer were to be considered to be an AIF within the meaning in AIFMD, it would need to be managed by a manager authorised under AIFMD (an “AIFM”). The Collateral Manager is not authorised under AIFMD but is authorised under MiFID II. If considered to be an AIF, the Issuer would also be classified as an FC under EMIR and may be required to comply with clearing obligations and/or other risk mitigation techniques (including obligations to post margin to any central clearing counterparty or market counterparty) with respect to Hedge Transactions (under the EMIR REFIT all AIFs will be FCs whether or not managed by an authorised AIFM). See also “European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR)” above.
If the Issuer is deemed to be a “covered fund”, the provisions of the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory provisions, will severely limit the ability of “banking entities” to hold an “ownership interest” in the Issuer or enter into certain credit related financial transactions with the Issuer. Any entity that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule and is considering an investment in “ownership interests” of the Issuer should consult its own legal advisors and consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment. If investment by “banking entities” in the Notes of any Class is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the marketability and liquidity of such Notes.
Moreover, if the Priorities of Payments are the subject of litigation in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales, in particular in the United States of America, and such litigation results in a conflicting judgment in respect of the binding nature of the Priorities of Payments, it is possible that termination payments due to the Hedge Counterparties would not be subordinated as envisaged by the Priorities of Payments and as a result, the Issuer’s ability to repay the Noteholders in full may be adversely affected. There is a particular risk of such conflicting judgments where a Hedge Counterparty is the subject of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings outside England and Wales.
Benchmarks such as EURIBOR or LIBOR may be discontinued if they do not comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation, or if the administrator of the benchmark either fails to apply for authorisation or is refused authorisation by its home regulator.
If as a consequence of the application of Action 6, United Kingdom tax were imposed on the net income or profits of the Issuer, the amount of UK tax due would likely be significant on the basis that some or all of the interest which it pays on the Notes may not be deductible for United Kingdom tax purposes. If the UK imposed tax on the net income or profits of the Issuer, this could in certain circumstances constitute a Note Tax Event, following which, the Notes of each Class may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the direction of the Controlling Class (acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution) or the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution). See Condition 7(g) (Redemption following Note Tax Event).
The Fiscale Eenheid X case concerned whether a Dutch fund investing in real estate could qualify as a “special investment fund”. The Court decided that funds such as those under consideration that are not UCITS could only qualify as “special investment funds” if they are “subject to specific State supervision” because only “investment funds that are subject to specific State supervision can be subject to the same conditions of competition and appeal to the same circle of investors” as UCITS.
If any payment was made by the Issuer to a specified person where such payment is not subject to tax in the manner noted above, the Issuer may not be entitled to take a deduction for such payment for tax purposes and the Issuer would be subject to tax on any profits which are treated as arising for Irish tax purposes. In addition, withholding tax may be required to be levied on the payment to the Noteholder.
If the relevant EURIBOR screen rate does not appear, or the relevant page is unavailable, in the manner described in Condition 6(e)(i) (Floating Rate of Interest) there can be no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to select four Reference Banks to provide quotations, in order to determine any Floating Rate ofInterest in respect of the Notes. Certain financial institutions that have historically acted as Reference Banks have indicated that they will not currently provide quotations and there can be no assurance that they will agree to do so in the future. No Reference Banks have been selected as at the date of this Offering Circular.
If a EURIBOR screen rate does not appear due to EURIBOR being discontinued (or in the other circumstances referred to in Condition 14(c) (Modification and Waiver), investors should note that the Issuer (or the Collateral Manager) may, in certain circumstances, amend the Transaction Documents to modify or amend the reference rate in respect of the Notes without the consent of Noteholders. See “LIBOR and EURIBOR Reform” above.
Requirements imposed on Rating Agencies could result in withdrawal of ratings if certain actions are not taken by the arranger
If the Issuer or any third party that provides due diligence services to the Issuer does not comply with its obligations under Rule 17g-10, the Rating Agencies may withdraw (or fail to confirm) their ratings of the Rated Notes. In such case, the price or transferability of the Notes (and any beneficial owner of Rated Notes that relies on ratings of securities for regulatory or other compliance purposes) may be adversely affected.
If any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments of interest on the Notes, the holders of the Notes will not be entitled to receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax and no Note Event of Default shall occur as a result of any such withholding or deduction.
If at any time one or more investors that are affiliated hold a majority of any Class of Notes, it may be more difficult for other investors to take certain actions that require consent of any such Classes of Notes without their consent. For example, optional redemption and the removal of the Collateral Manager for cause and appointment are at the direction of Holders of specified percentages of Subordinated Notes and/or the Controlling Class (as applicable).
The Issuer will depend upon the Hedge Counterparty to perform its obligations under any hedges. If the Hedge Counterparty defaults or becomes unable to perform due to insolvency or otherwise, the Issuer may not receive payments it would otherwise be entitled to from the Hedge Counterparty to cover its foreign exchange exposure.
In the context of the activities to be carried out under the Transaction Documents, the Issuer will be subject to UK corporation tax if it is (i) tax resident in the UK or (ii) carries on a trade in the UK through a permanent establishment.
Even if the Issuer is regarded as carrying on a trade in the UK through the agency of the Collateral Manager for the purposes of UK taxation, it should not be subject to UK taxation if the specific domestic UK tax exemption for profits generated in the UK by an investment manager acting on behalf of its non- resident clients (section 1146 of the Corporation Tax Act 2010) (the “Investment Manager Exemption”) is available for the context of this transaction. It should be noted that the Investment Manager Exemption may not be available if the Collateral Manager (or certain connected entities) holds more than 20 per cent. of the Subordinated Notes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, even if the Investment Manager Exemption is not available in the context of this transaction, the Issuer should not be subject to UK taxation if the exemption in Article 8(1) of the UK/Ireland double tax treaty applies. This exemption will apply if the Collateral Manager is regarded as an independent agent acting in the ordinary course of its business for the purpose of Article 5(6) of the UK/Ireland double tax treaty.
If the United Kingdom imposed corporation tax on the net income or profits of the Issuer this may, in certain circumstances, constitute a Note Tax Event, following which, the Notes of each Class may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the direction of the Controlling Class (acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution) or the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution). See Condition 7(g) (Redemption following Note Tax Event).
If the United Kingdom imposed such a tax on the Issuer this may, in certain circumstances, constitute a Note Tax Event, following which, the Notes of each Class may be redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the direction of the Controlling Class (acting by way of Extraordinary Resolution) or the Subordinated Noteholders (acting by way of Ordinary Resolution). See Condition 7(g) (Redemption following Note Tax Event).
If the deposit of any Trading Gains into the Principal Account would, in the sole discretion of the Collateral Manager, cause (or would be likely to cause) an EU Retention Deficiency, then Collateral Manager may direct that all or part of any Trading Gains is instead deposited into the Interest Account in an amount sufficient in order to ensure that no EU Retention Deficiency occurs, subject to certain conditions, including that any Trading Gains may only be paid into the Interest Account if, after giving effect to such payment, the Aggregate Collateral Balance being no less than the Reinvestment Target Par Amount. See Condition 3(j)(ii)(Interest Account).
Further, if Other Clients were to purchase debt or other instruments issued by a company at a different level in the company’s capital structure than the Issuer’s investments, CVC Credit Partners may, in certain instances, face a conflict of interest in respect of the advice it gives to, and the actions it takes on behalf of, such Other Client and the Issuer (e.g., with respect to the terms of such debt or other instruments, the enforcement of covenants, the terms of recapitalisations, exercise of rights, pursuit of remedies, etc.).
If the Issuer is deemed to be a “covered fund”, then in the absence of regulatory relief, the provisions of the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory provisions, will severely limit the ability of “banking entities” to hold an “ownership interest” in the Issuer or enter into certain credit related financial transactions with the Issuer. The holders of any of the Class A Notes, the Class B Notes, the Class C Notes or the Class D Notes in the form of IM Exchangeable Non-Voting Notes or IM Non-Voting Notes are, in each case, disenfranchised in respect of any IM Removal Resolution or IM Replacement Resolution. However, there can be no assurance that these features will be effective in resulting in such investments in the Issuer by U.S. banking institutions and other banking entities subject to the Volcker Rule not being characterised as an “ownership interest” in the Issuer.
IF TRADING OR ENTERING INTO ANY HEDGE AGREEMENTS WOULD RESULT IN THE ISSUER’S ACTIVITIES FALLING WITHIN THE DEFINITION OF A “COMMODITY POOL” UNDER THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT, THE INVESTMENT MANAGER WOULD EXPECT TO BE EXEMPT FROM REGISTRATION WITH THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE “CFTC”) AS A COMMODITY POOL OPERATOR (A “CPO”) PURSUANT TO CFTC RULE 4.13(a)(3). THEREFORE, UNLIKE A REGISTERED CPO, THE ISSUER AND THE INVESTMENT MANAGER WOULD NOT BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER A CFTC DISCLOSURE DOCUMENT TO PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS, NOR WOULD IT BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE INVESTORS WITH CERTIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS THAT SATISFY THE REQUIREMENTS OF CFTC RULES APPLICABLE TO REGISTERED CPOs.
If a holder of Notes represented by a Definitive Certificate wishes at any time to transfer its interest in such Notes to a person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Regulation S Global Certificate, such holder may effect such transfer only upon receipt by the Registrar of: (i) notification from the common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the Regulation S Global Certificate that the appropriate credit entry has been made in the accounts of the relevant participants of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (but in no case for less than the minimum authorised denomination applicable to such Notes); and (ii) a certificate in the form of part 7 (Form of Definitive Certificate to Regulation S Global Certificate Transfer Certificate) of schedule 4 (Transfer, Exchange and Registration Documentation) of the Trust Deed or in such other form as the Registrar, relying upon the advice of counsel, may deem substantially similar in legal effect (a copy of which is provided to the Registrar) given by the holder of the beneficial interests in such Notes.
If a holder of Notes represented by a Definitive Certificate wishes at any time to transfer its interest in such Notes to a person who wishes to take delivery thereof in the form of a beneficial interest in a Rule 144A Global Certificate, such holder may effect such transfer only upon receipt by the Registrar of: (i) notification from the common depositary for Euroclear
If the Collateral Administrator does not agree to provide such reporting, the Issuer (with the consent of the Investment Manager) shall appoint another entity to carry out such reporting obligations at the cost and expense of the Issuer, subject to and in accordance with the Priority of Payments. The Issuer intends for this Offering Circular to constitute a transaction summary or overview of the main features of the transaction contemplated herein for the purposes of Article 7(1)(c) of the Securitisation Regulation.
At this time it is not possible to state with certainty if and when any withdrawal agreement will be entered into, what might be the final terms and effective date of such a withdrawal agreement or the date on which any transition period will end if such an agreement is entered into.
For the avoidance of doubt, if the Collateral Administrator agrees to assist the Issuer in providing such information and reporting on behalf of the Issuer, the Collateral Administrator will not assume any responsibility for the Issuer’s obligations as the entity responsible for fulfilling the reporting obligations under the Transparency Requirements. In making available such information and reporting, the Collateral Administrator also assumes no responsibility or liability to any third party, including the Noteholders and any potential Noteholders (including for their use or onward disclosure of any such information or documentation), and shall have the benefit of the powers, protections and indemnities granted to it under the Transaction Documents.
If a Competent Authority determines that the transaction did not comply or is no longer in compliance with the Transparency Requirements, then: (i) investors may be required by their regulator to set aside additional capital against their investment in the Notes or take other remedial measures in respect of their investment in the Notes; and (ii) BlueMountain as the originator and/or the Issuer may be subject to the Pecuniary Sanctions as described above. Any such Pecuniary Sanctions levied on the Issuer may materially adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to perform its obligations under the Notes and any such Pecuniary Sanctions levied on BlueMountain as the originator may materially adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Transaction Documents and could have a negative impact on the price and liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market.
If any determination is made that this transaction is subject to the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, the Retention Holder may fail to comply (or not be able to comply) with the U.S. Risk Retention Rules, which may have a material adverse effect on BlueMountain, the Issuer and/or the market value and/or liquidity of the Notes.
If the Issuer is considered to be a member of a “group” (as defined in EMIR) (which may, for example, potentially be the case if the Issuer is consolidated by a Noteholder as a result of such Noteholder’s holding of a significant proportion of the Subordinated Notes) and if the aggregate notional value of OTC derivative contracts entered into by the Issuer and any non-financial entities within such group exceeds the applicable thresholds (excluding eligible hedging transactions), the Issuer would be subject to the clearing obligation, or if the relevant contract is not a type required to be cleared, to the risk mitigation obligations, including the margin requirement. If the Issuer exceeds the applicable thresholds and its swaps become subject to mandatory clearing, this may also lead to a termination of the Hedge Agreements.
If the Issuer becomes subject to the clearing obligation or to the margin requirement, it is unlikely that it would be able to comply with such requirements, which would adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to enter into Hedge Transactions or significantly increase the cost thereof, negatively affecting the Issuer’s ability to acquire Non-Euro Obligations and/or hedge its interest rate risk. As a result of such increased costs, additional regulatory requirements and limitations on ability of the Issuer to hedge interest rate and currency risk, the amounts payable to Noteholders may be negatively affected as the Investment Manager may be precluded from executing its investment strategy in full.
AIFMD introduced authorisation and regulatory requirements for managers of AIFs. If the Issuer were to be considered to be an AIF within the meaning in AIFMD, it would need to be managed by a manager authorised under AIFMD (an “AIFM”). The Investment Manager is not authorised under AIFMD. If considered to be an AIF managed by an AIFM, the Issuer would also be classified as an FC under EMIR and may be required to comply with clearing obligations and/or other risk mitigation techniques (including obligations to post margin to any central clearing counterparty or market counterparty) with respect to Hedge Transactions (under the EMIR REFIT all AIFs will be FCs whether or not managed by an authorised AIFM). See also 2.4 “European Market Infrastructure Regulation (EMIR)”.
If the SSPE Exemption does not apply and the Issuer is considered to be an AIF, the Investment Manager may not be able to continue to manage the Issuer’s assets, or its ability to do so may be impaired. As a result, any application of AIFMD may affect the return investors receive from their investment.
If the Issuer were to be considered an AIF and an AIFM were to be appointed to manage the Issuer’s assets, such AIFM would need to comply with a number of requirements under AIFMD, including the appointment of a custodian in respect of the Issuer’s assets and compliance with certain reporting and disclosure obligations. Compliance with AIFMD by any such AIFM appointed by the Issuer will involve significant additional costs which may affect the return Noteholders receive from their investment.
If the Issuer is deemed to be a “covered fund”, the provisions of the Volcker Rule and its related regulatory provisions, will severely limit the ability of “banking entities” to hold an “ownership interest” in the Issuer or enter into certain credit related financial transactions with the Issuer. Any entity that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule and is considering an investment in “ownership interests” of the Issuer should consult its own legal advisors and consider the potential impact of the Volcker Rule in respect of such investment. If investment by “banking entities” in the Notes of any Class is prohibited or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the marketability and liquidity of such Notes.
if any of the relevant EURIBOR benchmarks referenced in Condition 6 (Interest) is discontinued, interest on the Notes will be calculated under Condition 6(e) (Interest on the Rated Notes). In general, fall-back mechanisms which may govern the determination of interest rates where a benchmark rate is not available (such as those described in paragraph (c) immediately above) are not suitable for long term use. Accordingly, if a benchmark rate is permanently discontinued, it may be desirable to amend the applicable interest rate provisions in the affected Collateral Debt Obligation, Hedge Agreement or the Notes;
If the Issuer is considered to be a member of a "group" (as defined in EMIR) or otherwise no longer makes use of the hedging exemption, there is a risk of it becoming subject to the clearing obligation and such additional risk mitigation obligations, including the margin posting requirement. It may not be possible for the Issuer to know if any of the thresholds have been exceeded or if it has become part of a "group" for the purposes of EMIR and this status in any event may be subject to change.
If the Collateral Manager or the Issuer were to fail to, or be unable to, obtain such authorisation, the Collateral Manager may not be able to continue to manage the Issuer’s assets, or its ability to do so may be impaired. Any regulatory changes arising from implementation of the AIFMD (or otherwise) that impairs the ability of the Collateral Manager to manage the Issuer’s assets may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to carry out its investment strategy and achieve its investment objective.
